“A Night To Remember”
by
Argus

Copyright. Argus 2002
 The right of Argus to be identified as the author of this book has been asserted in accordance with Section 77 and 78 of the Copyrights and Patents Act 1988.


      It was like a dream come true, a wild sexual fantasy sprung to life.
      Erin had been as normal in her sexual lusts and inhibitions as any other young woman before marrying last year Scott. But he had introduced her to a darker side of sex, a darker and yet wildly exciting side she had barely known existed. She had had sex with other men, and then other women, and then he had found the club.
      The Club was a place made for those of dark passions, and some masochistic part of her had felt a thrilling sense of recognition as she had been bound and used in small dark rooms.
      But every time she thought she had plumbed the depths of her lewd and lusty soul someone drew her down deeper. She lay on a bed between two women, naked. They had used her for over an hour while Scott was off with another. If the other teachers at her school could only guess how she was spending her weekend! But they never would. And yet, Kathleen, the tall, slim, short haired redhead, and Erin, the tough looking young bisexual who had used her so violently, had even more twisted ideas.
      ‘Auction?' Amanda squeaked.
      ‘Yes,' Kathleen said. `It keeps dues down if we auction off the occasional slut to the members.'
      Amanda stared at her, eyes wide.
      `But I...'
      `Your precious Scott will have plenty of company tonight night if that's what's worrying you,' Kathleen said with a smirk.
      Amanda's eyes widened still further, and she stared at Kathleen stupidly.
      `Dress her and bring her to the stage,' Kathleen said.
      Erin nodded, then pulled on her arm, pulling her from the bed.
      "I-I don't know," Amanda said anxiously.
      "Put this on. I bet it'll look lovely with your hair."
      She slapped at Amanda's leg and she almost instinctively raised her foot and stepped into the lacy green teddy.
      "But I -."
      "Other foot."
      She raised her foot and Erin tugged the teddy up. It was nearly sheer everywhere but the crotch and breasts, and she tugged the top up over Amanda's full breasts and snapped it together behind her back. The thong bottom pulled up tightly between her buttocks, and the crotch pressed heavily against the soft, sensitive, newly shaven sex.
      "But what do I do?" she asked anxiously.
      Erin smirked. "Whatever you're told."
      She produced a thin, soft rope and moved behind her, taking her left wrist. By the time Amanda realized what she intended her wrist was wrapped in rope and Erin was pulling the other behind her back. She gasped and pulled, but feebly, and the rope was already around her other wrist, binding them together.
      "But - but Erin I don't think Scott -."
      "We don't care what Scott thinks," the girl sniffed.
      She took her arm and pulled her to the door, then opened it. Amanda drew back, but the girl was much stronger and pulled her through into the hall, then down the short way to the open bar.
      Her stomach was swirling with butterflies, and yet a dark side of her mind was blazing with excitement as the door opened and the girl pulled her out among the other women. For this was the lesbian bar, and none of the club's men were permitted.
      She blushed deeply now as women looked up and watched her, eyes focussing on her from all sides as she was led towards the little stage in the middle of the room.
      Amanda was almost trembling with her excitement, and yet she felt a rush of shame, as well. She had always been competitive with other women. She had been a captain on most of the sports teams at college, and always tried to one up her friends in looks, style and fashion. To be paraded virtually naked, like a cringing slave girl before all these strong women was - a new experience.
      In fact, sex with women was a new experience, one only introduced to her by Scott a few weeks earlier. Now she was among hard core dykes who saw her as a piece of meat, and while a part of her was filled with angry indignation, that part of her was submerged by the wildfire lust gripping her mind and body.
      Two women who had been dancing stopped and climbed down, and the stage was bare as Erin led her up onto it. The light brightened and Erin clapped her hands to gain everyone's attention. Amanda looked down at the floor, face burning as all eyes in the room turned to look at her.
      She blinked her eyes in the overhead light, painfully aware of how close to nude she was, of her bare buttocks and the thinness of the lacy teddy.
      She heard several whistles and catcalls, and gasped as Erin pulled her head back.
      `Nice tits on that cow!' someone yelled.
      `Ladies,' Erin called out. `It's auction time.'
      There was applause, and she felt her chest flutter as women gathered around, looking her up and down.
      `What we have here is a sweet little housewife...'
      Many of the women booed and laughed.
      `Up until a few weeks ago she was perfectly satisfied getting hubby's peter inside her now and then...'
      There were more boos, along with a smattering of obscenities directed at Amanda.
      `You like that cock, little girl?'
      `She must be pretty stupid if she married a man.'
      `Look at the size of those melons! She's got no room for brains.'
      `Nor needs them,' another voice laughed.
      `But since then she's seen the light,' Erin continued. `She realizes now her proper place is as a slave to any strong woman who wants her.'
      `If she's married she sure knows what it's like to be a slave,' someone shouted to much applause and laughter.
      `Before that happens, however. She's pleased to offer her services to anyone here with sufficient money to pay for them.'
      Women started calling out numbers then, as Amanda looked around dazedly.
      `We get to keep her overnight?' someone called.
      `You certainly do,' Erin said.
      `Hubby doesn't mind?'
      `Hubby is busy entertaining another girl.'
      There were more boos.
      `Hundred pounds,' a woman called.
      `Two hundred,' shouted another.
      `Let's be serious, ladies,' Erin said. `Look at this little nymph. You don't get many opportunities to get your hands on such lovely girl flesh.'
      `Three hundred.'
      `Four!'
      `Five hundred pounds!'
      `Are those boobs for real?' someone called.
      `Quite real. No plastic involved,' Erin said.
      She reached over and tugged one side of the teddy back, letting Amanda's breast come free. She squeezed it as the women laughed and applauded, then twisted the rigid nipple.
      `Six hundred.'
      `Eight.'
      `A thousand pounds.'
      `Sold to Lenore Maxwell.'
      The woman Lenore, who had bought her, was about her own age, with fine black hair pulled in under her chin, a sleek black leather dress and narrow brown eyes. Amanda swallowed nervously as she was handed over to the woman, looking for Kathleen.
      `I can do anything I want to you,' she whispered into Amanda's ear. `And I'm going to give you exactly what you deserve.'
      She took her arm and led her out of the bar to much applause. Amanda gasped as they stepped onto the street, looking around wildly. But the street was dark and empty but for the cars parked near the club's entrance.
She pulled her along relentlessly, Amanda's heels clicking on the sidewalk as the cool air blew straight through her lacy teddy and made Goosebumps rise on her ivory skin.
      `I know just where you'll be happy,' Lenore said with a chuckle.
      She led her into the parking lot next to the club, then into the dark shadow cast by a Mercedes sedan. She opened the rear door then pushed Amanda in so she lay on her belly.
      `Where are we going?' Amanda asked.
      `Don't ask questions.'
      The Mercedes pulled away and drove for fifteen minutes or so. Amanda rolled onto her back for comfort, but when she tried to sit up was ordered back by her "owner".
      They came to a darkened area and Lenore pulled the Mercedes over. She got out and came around to the rear, undoing her dress as she did. She pulled it down and stepped out of it, then climbed into the rear, straddling Amanda and pressing her softly furred mound against her mouth.
      Amanda began to lick, her tongue pushing up and out strongly as the woman looked down at her through slitted eyes. Amanda felt Lenore's clitty hardening under her tongue, and heard her breathing grow rougher and faster as she began to grind her sex down into her mouth.
      Lenore came with surprising quickness, suddenly beginning to bounce up and down wildly before shuddering and sinking down.
      She rested for long moments, and then climbed off her and out of the car, putting her dress on again. Amanda sat up, but was yanked back down by the hair.
      She dressed, then closed the door and got in the front again and resumed her drive. Another ten minutes passed before she stopped once more and got out of the car. This time Amanda was left on her own for several minutes. 
She sat up and saw that they were parked in what looked to be a very rough part of the city. A boarded up shop was next to them, and a bright neon light just up the block showed a strip club, which appeared to still, be open. Directly across the street was a bar of sorts, with a long row of motorcycles parked in front.
      She tugged at the rope. Its strength filled her with a sense of helplessness and dark, hungry excitement. Her insides were squirming with anticipation and lust even as anxiety and fear gripped her mind. There was something distinctly hot about not knowing what was to happen to her. She was sure she would be safe, that Kathleen wouldn't have allowed her to go otherwise, so the fear was more of exposure and embarrassment than danger.
      Still, she looked around at the poorly paved street and badly maintained buildings and worried.
      Then she saw Lenore coming out of the bar, accompanied by another woman wearing a short studded leather jacket and leather pants. She sat down quickly but not before they had seen her.
      She heard their footsteps, then looked up as the door was opened. Lenore pulled her out, standing her up on the street as the other woman, who had a crew cut and a ring through the side of her nose, looked on.
      `Some meat,' the new woman said.
      Amanda could hardly believe what was happening. She was standing on a city street like as if it were perfectly natural to be virtually naked in public, dressed up like a sex kitten ready for bed.
      Or to be bedded.
      Her nipples were hard and erect, her pussy lips swollen and moist, and a murky sexual haze that made her feel ready to do anything gripped her mind.
      `Isn't she? She loves cock, though. She's married.'
      `Oh really?' The other woman sniffed derisively. `Well we can give her enough of that.'
      She put her hand under Amanda's chin, jerking it up and forcing her to her toes as she squeezed painfully. `My name is Beth,' she said in a sneering hiss. `But you can call me mistress. Got that?'
      `Y-yes, mistress,' Amanda moaned, her breasts throbbing.
      `How do you feel about being jumped on by a pack of wild, horny bikers, slut?'
      Amanda stared in shock. She had expected to spend the evening with the nameless women and now -.
      `I asked you a question!' Beth snapped.
      `I-I don't know,' she gasped.
      `Make up your mind now. Otherwise it'll be a pain in the butt to try and pull them off you. It'd be like yanking off hungry dogs from fresh meat.'
      `Good analogy,' Lenore said, smirking.
      `You ever pulled a train?' Beth demanded.
      Amanda stared at her in confusion.
      `Ever been gang banged?'
      She jerked her head from side to side anxiously.
      `Just by women,' Lenore said.
      `Inside that bar is a mass of hot, horny, smelly, rough, mean, bikers who will do you until you drop,' Beth said, sliding her hands down her body and into the top of her teddy. She pushed aside the cups, squeezing her breasts together and fingering her nipples.
      `Think you're ready for that, little wifey?'
      Amanda's head spun with shock. On the one hand she'd been a state of high, heady sexual arousal since walking into the club with Megan. On the other hand the idea of being mauled by a pack of wild men was terrifying even while being shockingly exciting.
      You're only young once, she thought dazedly. I should find out what it's like. But what if Scott -. What if they -. I should -.
      "Too late," Beth sniffed.
      She pulled her hands back, pushing Amanda's breasts back into the cups and then pulling her across the street. Lenore followed, sliding a hand up to squeeze her bare behind.
      A car drove by, a man staring at her as he passed, mouth wide. She burned with embarrassment, her mind swirling in helpless excitement.
      `We'll see if you're still so fond of men and their big cocks after tonight,' she said with a satisfied sneer.
      "W-Wait!" Amanda gasped.
      Beth pushed the door open and pulled her in after her, and Amanda looked around wildly at the crowded bar.
      It was much rougher than the club. The tables were rough wood, the chairs hard plastic. The place was brighter, showing dirty floors and a long, scarred bar. The patrons were mostly men. Most looked large and rough, with plenty of tattoos and surly faces.
      There were some women there, though, most looking like Beth, tough and cat-like. All eyes turned on them as Lenore eased to one side to watch and Beth led her in among the men.
      Amanda felt shamed, but almost feverish with the raw, carnal desire filling her mind and body. She stared around her dazedly, seeing the eyes boring into her, eyes ravishing her body, the men leering and staring in undisguised lust for her. She was trembling with the thrill of it, gulping in air as the men shouted obscenities and catcalls.
      This would be something, she knew, that she would never forget. She inhaled, smelling the stale beer and sawdust, felt the grit on her bare feet, the stickiness of the wood floor. She was starting to sweat from the hot, sultry air, and shifted her weight from one foot to the other, swallowing repeatedly.
      `Here's the deal,' Beth said. `This little slut is from an upscale dyke bar. She was auctioned off to the highest bidder and so she's ours to do with what we want for the night.'
      `Why?' a large, muscular man with a beard demanded.
      `Cause that bitch at the door there wants to see if she can't cure her of this nasty mental problem she has,' Beth said.
      `What mental problem?' one of the other women called.
      `It seems she likes cock,' Beth said with a smirk.
      The place erupted with howls of laughter and obscene taunts as Amanda squirmed in shame. Beth smiled around her, then reached behind Amanda and untied the catch at the small of her back that held the lower part of the teddy together. An instant later she unsnapped the catch behind her neck too and the teddy was gone, leaving her entirely nude before the eager, hungry eyes of dozens of men and women.
      Her face burned but her insides were almost as hot as the men howled their approval. She was had to fight to control her breath, to keep from hyperventilating. She closed her eyes and shuddered, drawing her head back, consciously arching her back as the crowd shouted and whistled and stomped their feet. She could sense their hunger for her, and her and squeezed her thighs together in anticipation.
      `Who wants a piece first?' Beth demanded.
      `Me!' shouted two-dozen men.
      Beth pulled her towards the back of the room as the men yelled and argued. A table crashed over and several men began to fight.
      `All right! Knock it off!' an immensely powerful voice shouted.
      Amanda saw a giant of a man come from a back room and glare around at the crowd. His eyes lit on her and he rolled his eyes then came forward.
      `Beth,' he said.
      `Hi, honey,' Beth said coyly.
      `What in hell is this?' he demanded.
      `This girl here wants a gang bang.'
      His eyes narrowed and he looked her up and down.
      `That true?' he demanded. `We don't want no more trouble with the cops.'
      Amanda hung her head then yelped as Beth slapped her behind.
      `Answer the man.'
      `Y-yes,' she whispered.
      `Louder.'
      `Yes,' she said breathlessly.
      `Louder. We want everyone to hear. Say it.'
      `Yes,' she said again.
      `Yes, you want us to gang bang you.'
      She bit her lip, sexual exhilaration warring with terrible embarrassment, and then nodded shakily. `I-I want you to gang bang me,' she said.
      `Okay then,' he said. `I can guess what the fighting's for then. I'll settle it. I'm going first.'
      `What do you mean you're going first?' Beth demanded. `You don't need this big titted sow! You've got me!'
      The men around howled in amusement as the big man smiled down at her. `That's true, baby, but you brought her in here so you gotta expect me to have a taste I gotta make sure she's good enough for my boys, after all.'
      `Who goes second, Mike?' someone called eagerly.
      `I'll decide that when I'm done,' he said.
      He cupped her breasts, and she gasped, looking down at his hands, then up at the ceiling, breathing faster as the entire room looked on. She felt his fingers stroking her nipples and groaned aloud as they pinched them, tugging up, forcing her to her toes.
      He squeezed one breast hard as he leaned in, chewing roughly along the side of her throat, his other hand clamping in on her small behind and fingers mauling her.
      He lifted her up, turned and sat her roughly on the edge of a table, then jerked her legs high so she slid onto her back, her bound arms beneath her. He spread her legs wide, and then let his big, rough hands move up her body and squeeze her breasts.
      Amanda's head jerked from side to side, then up at him, her insides churning violently as she realized he was going to take her right in front of them all. The crowd gathered around, shouting encouragement and advice as he grinned lewdly down at her. He unzipped his pants and pushed them down, and she stared as his tool sprang up, red and hard.
      She gasped as he pressed the head against her, as she felt his soft flesh meet her own swollen mons and rub back and forth against it. She felt her body tremble with anticipation, and then groaned aloud as he sank into her. She felt the slick opening to her sex pushed apart as his hard tool slid into her, felt his cock pushing up deeper and deeper. 
      His hands moved up and down her body as he drove himself in to the hilt. Then he drew back and thrust in hard, making her cry out. A cheer of approval from the men and women surrounding them drowned her cry, and he grinned smugly as he buried himself in her tight sheath a second time, kneading her round breasts.
      `You like that, baby?' he taunted.
      He bent over her, squeezing her breasts and mouthing her nipples, chewing roughly as he began to drive himself into her. He lifted his lips and found her own. His tongue thrust into her mouth; sliding back and forth over her own, then up along the roof of her mouth.
      His hips moved in a steady motion, but he sped up and slowed down as he ground himself against her.
      Amanda's legs jerked in mid-air to each thrust. Her knees were back and spread wide, and her body burned hotter and hotter with each passing second as the crowd watched his thick tool pumping inside her.
      `Harder, man!'
      `Do her, Mike!'
      `Give it to the slut, man!'
      `Show her what those dykes are missing, boy!'
      The men and women cheered him on, and even through her shame Amanda gloried in being the centre of all their attention, in being seen as a hot, sluttish sexual animal. She grunted as Mike pumped harder, her knees drawing back more, elevating her buttocks as his hips slapped into them.
      She rolled from side to side on her arms; feeling the light pressure of the rope around her wrists and wishing it were thicker and stronger.
      `Yeah, yeah, yeah!' he panted, thrusting in harder, abandoning anything but hard, furious rutting as he drove himself down into her relentlessly.
      She arched her back, pulling at the ropes, moaning in heat as her body boiled in the sexual steam surrounding her. Her body jerked on the table as he drove himself into her, and her head rolled from side to side as she panted for breath.
      She saw the sea of faces surrounding her, leering, laughing and hungry, and knew she was going to climax right there in front of them all. She thought to restrain herself, to hide it, and then she abandoned the last traces of her inhibitions.
      She came with a soft cry, a cry she immediately raised higher, wanting them all to hear it, wanting them all to know she was coming, basking in her their reaction as Mike cursed and pounded down harder still.
      He gave a final flurry of strokes and then groaned with release, slowing and stopping.
      A dozen men yelled to be next but Beth jumped in instead.
      `I get to decide!' she shouted.
      Amanda lay back with her legs spread, chest heaving as she looked around her. She felt like a pure sexual animal - almost. Something was missing, something important.
      She sat up as Beth looked around with a smirk, trying to decide whom to give her to first.
      Then Lenore moved forward, grabbed Beth and whispered in her ear as she motioned towards Amanda. Beth looked thoughtful, then smiled and nodded.
      She reached forward and grabbed Amanda by the arm, yanking her off the table and leading her up towards the bar. She paused next to a fat biker who had a long chain for a belt, undoing the clip as he grunted in surprise, then yanking it out of the loops.
      She spun Amanda around and cut the rope, then spun her back again, pulling her wrists together in front of her and looping the chain around them several times, then pulling it up between them to bind the loops in place. She pulled her wrists high.
      The fat man who'd lost his chain sniggered then, reaching forward to help her, taking the end of the chain and tossing it over one of the blades of an unmoving, ceiling fan. He pulled on the chain until Amanda was forced to her toes, then took the clip from Beth and locked it off there.
      The chains were not nearly as comfortable as the leather padded restraints Scott had hung her with, yet somehow the tight steel made her feel even more the prisoner, and she gasped as a thrill of heat moved up her thighs.
The babble in the room softened somewhat, and more of the men licked their lips and looked at her hungrily as Beth moved forward in front of her.
      Beth took a belt from her waist and doubled it, then slashed it across Amanda's bare bottom. She squealed and twisted in pain as her bottom flared red.
      `The lady dyke would like to make back some of the money she bought this slut with,' she said, `So she's willing to sell pieces of her for a very reasonable price.'
      Amanda stared at her, then at the crowd.
      `Who wants to pay for a chance to be first to stuff himself up into this hot, tight little fuck toy?' Beth called.
      She swung the belt again, and again it cracked against Amanda's bottom with a sound heard around the bar. She yelped and twisted, then again as Beth, laughing, swung the belt a second time.
      "This filthy little suburban fuck toy wants to be used by dirty men," Beth cried. "She gets off on it because she knows he's so much better than you! She's having a weekend trip to the gutter!"
      The belt cut across her bottom again, and Amanda yelped in pain, the sound drowned up by curses and catcalls from the rough men watching.
      Again the belt cut across her bottom, and again, and she whimpered and moaned, her eyes flicking out across the room, seeing the hunger and arousal filling those watching her as they saw Beth strap her bottom.
      I can't believe this is happening, she thought in shocked excitement.
      "Look at this tender ass!" Beth called, gripping Amanda's bottom tightly. "You can bet it hasn't been used very well. You can bet this suburban slut hasn't gotten her ass fucked by hairy bikers!"
      Cheers filled the bar, and Beth slashed the belt across her bottom again, making Amanda yelp and jerk.
      "She needs to pull a chain!"
      Amanda closed her eyes and shuddered, letting more and more weight fall on her arms, laying her head back as gloried in the dark sultry eroticism gripping the room. Her skin glistened with a light sheen of perspiration as men approached and moved around her, licking their lips and letting their eyes move over her.
      She gasped as a hand cupped her behind; then again as another man reached out and pinched one of her nipples. Men laughed and made jokes as she turned her eyes this way and that. Another man groped her, squeezing her breast firmly, while another hand drove up beneath her buttocks to finger her sex.
      She twisted on the end of the chain, panting and moaning as the men crowded around her, more hands sliding over her. Fingers slid through her hair, rolled her nipples and drove into her soft, heavy breasts. Others pried at her sex, driving up inside her or rubbing against her clitty.
      `Hey! Get back, you clowns! Joey goes next!' Beth called, showing the crowd back as a short, stocky man came in and cupped her breasts.
      `Want me to get her down?' Beth asked.
      `No need' he said in a gruff voice.
      He slapped his hand down on her behind, and then squeezed his fingers in against her left buttock, lifting her leg up and out as he undid his pants and pulled his tool free. 
      Amanda balanced precariously on the toes of one foot as he thrust himself into her. Then his other hand clamped down on her behind and he yanked both legs up, holding her in his powerful hands as he began to unceremoniously pump himself into her.
      He worked her back and forth against her as he pumped, a sneer on his face as his friends urged him on.
      She groaned and let her mind float, revelling in the crude way he used her, in the degrading way they were all treating her. Then she saw the door open and watched Kathleen and Yvette come through, accompanied by Scott.
She felt a torrent of passion and shocked excitement wash through her as Scott's eyes widened, and felt her insides twist and roil as the man using her humped faster and harder.
      He came with a long groan of release, then dropped her, letting her legs swing before she got her toes back on the floor. 
      `Did you like that, wifey?' Beth purred, pinching and twisting one of her nipples. `Did the little wifey like getting a stiff one up in her pussy?'
      Amanda groaned, body jerking as the woman continued to pinch and tug and twist at her nipples.
      `You want another one?' Beth growled, pulling one hand back then slapping her breast painfully.
      Amanda groaned low in her throat.
      "Slut."
      She slapped her breast again, harder this time, and then slapped the other one as Amanda groaned and jerked her head back drunkenly, throwing her chest out.
      Again she felt her burning nipples plucked and pinched and twisted, crying out in pain as Beth taunted and tormented her. She yelped as her breasts were slapped again, then Beth moved back.
      The next man moved in, using her in much the same fashion as the first, running his hands appreciatively over her smooth, soft flesh, then cupping her behind to thrust up into her and swing her against him. When he was done, the next man lifted her ankles up over his shoulders to pound himself against her.
      Beth moved in when he was done, turning her back to most of the men, gripping her buttocks and pulling them apart.
      `Who wants to be the first to ram his cock up her asshole?' she crowed.
      There were more shouts and laughter, and money changed hands as a man moved up behind her. She found herself facing Scott, and stared at him, gripped by a dazed wonder as she felt the man working his prick up into her rectum. She grunted and moaned as he forced her sphincter open and ploughed his way higher, gasping as his hands came around her and roughly groped her breasts.
      She could feel his cock forced deeper and deeper, going higher and higher into her belly, giving her soft, aching cramps. Then he was in all the way and pumping as the crowd watched, laughed and shouted advice. Her insides rapidly turned to mush under the constant rutting of his hard tool, her buttocks reddening as his hips slapped against them again and again. 
      His hands slid down to grip her thighs, yanking them apart to spread her buttocks, lifting her toes off the floor as he jammed himself deeper inside her.
      The crowd whistled and shouted its approval, and then another man moved forward, pressing his erection against her open pussy and thrusting up inside. He gripped her behind as the man in back of her shifted his hands up to her breasts, and the two of them took turns rutting into her.
      A dozen more men took her from both sides as she hung there, getting more and more dazed as her body was battered and used. Then she was pulled down, and Beth led her around by the hair, pushing her face into the laps of both men and women to suck and lick at their cocks and pussies.
      They cursed and derided her as she licked them, tugging on her hair and roughly groping her breasts as others slapped at her buttocks and pinched her soft, swollen pubic lips.
      Then she was sprawled back on a pool table as more men leered down at her, plunging themselves into her with lust and hunger, their hands pawing and mauling at her body until every inch felt bruised and raw.
      At one point the green felt of the table rubbed her face hard, and she looked up dazedly to see Scott watching her. A large, heavy man was atop her back enthusiastically sodomising her, and her mind rolled and burned as Scott and she locked eyes momentarily.
      Then she dropped her head again, grunting as the man atop her drove himself up into the deepest pit of her belly.
      It was definitely a night to remember.

The End.

 FOREWORD



               How far will some people go to achieve those things that are important to them? A question as  old as man. And as long as people have goals they feel are important, other people will feel as if they   have been exploited for the sake of an individual's goals.

               Examples can be found everywhere that the end justifies the means for people whose personal achievement, or success, or personal desires, is the only thing that really matters.

               THE UNFAITHFUL FIANCEE is a story about a young woman who will do anything to attain the goals she has set for herself. She will even resort to what some would call perverted acts in order to get what she wants. But the fact remains that despite the means she uses to reach her goal, she does find happiness, and no one is harmed.

               A startling story that provides insight into the happiness that can be attained by some from actions that much of our society considers perverted.


-The Publisher
 THE  UNFAITHFUL FIANCEE by Janet McCoy
 CHAPTER ONE


               Sue had always loved screwing Dan, right from the very first time.

               In fact, each succeeding time seemed even-better than the one before. The whole history of their sex life had been like one building orgasm. Neither of them had the slightest idea where it all would   end, and frankly, they didn't give a damn.

                "Oh God, Dan . . . screw me harder! Shove that big cock of yours deeper inside my pussy!  Uuuuuuhhh, I love it . . . I love it!"

               They had planned to go to a jazz club that night. The place was usually jam-packed, but Dan   had managed to wangle a couple of tickets from a friend who had other plans for the evening.

               When she had greeted him at the door, Sue was all dressed. She wore a tight-fitting white top   that swooped down off one shoulder over the halfexposed swell of the opposite tit. Her skirt was skin-tight, highlighting every curve of her well shaped ass. Dan could not resist a grab as she led him   into the living room of her apartment.

                She giggled and turned around to face him, hands on hips, her blonde hair bouncing onto her shoulders. "Just what do you think you're doing!" she demanded sassily.

                "Pinching your ass, beautiful! Just what the hell do you expect me to do when you come to the door looking like that? You're not going out in public that way, are you?"

                He was teasing her, but there was a nervous strain of truth in his mock-anxiety. It seemed almost too good to be true sometimes, that he should have such a good-looking woman all to himself. He   wished she would not dress in quite such provocative clothes. He could not stand the thought of losing her to some fast-talking Romeo with a smoother pitch than his own.

                Not that Sue acted like a woman interested in other men; she always appeared to have eyes only for him. She always responded wantonly and wholeheartedly to his amorous play.

                "Sure, I'm going out like this!" she told him, and she pulled her skirt up over the twin globes of her ass to give him a better view of her costume. She wore only pantyhose underneath. The sight of her   smooth-fleshed ass-checks under their thin lewd covering made Dan's cock jerk hungrily in his pants.

               That was how it had started. Dan had bent her over the big buffet under the hall minor, so she   could watch herself while he was screwing the hell out of her. He pulled her pantyhose down to her   knees, heedless of her screams: "Oh . . . no! You're going to give me a run! Don't hurt me!"

               She was loving every minute of it!

                His thick, hard-swollen cock drove deep into the hot channel of her cunt. She was already sopping wet inside her pussy.

                "You sexy bitch! What's been turning you on! Go on! Tell me!" He shoved his cock as far into her clinging cunt-hole as he could get it. His eyes moved from the thrilling sight of his cock soaring   between her squirming ass-cheeks to the view in the mirror of her• pleasure-slackened face. Her jaw hung open. Her eyes roamed lazily around in her sockets, with no clear goal in sight. Her pink tongue-tip   darted out to wet her lips from time to time. The sight of her abandoned excitement made him shove his cock into her deeper. "Well? Are you going to tell me you got that wet just waiting for me to come over?"

                Her eyes closed lazily as she wriggled her ass back against his filling cock, taking every last inch of him deep in her belly. "Ooohhh . . . I did, lover! All day at work, I was thinking about how much fun   it would be to screw you tonight! And you know it turns me on not to wear any panties! It feels sooo . . .  oh I don't know! Just screw me, Danny! I need it so bad! Mmmmmm...

                Dan did not think there was a man alive who could have resisted an eloquent plea like that   one. He did just what his girlfriend asked. His hands grabbed firm hold of her ass-cheeks, until they made the skin turn red. Instead of protesting, she cooed with pleasure and rotated her hips back to meet   his next solid thrust. Her cunt-muscies spasmed around the turgid girth of his cock. The big man grunted with his own building pleasure.

                "Jee-zuz, Sue, you've got a hot cunt! There's nothing like it anywhere, baby!"

               Dan felt he was pretty well qualified to make such a statement. He had bad a lot of women in   his time-most of them beautiful, all of them eager lays. But not one had bad the special qualities to make his cock rise to quite the rigid peak of excitement that Sue inspired. As far as Dan was concerned, the   blonde was a woman in a million-at the very least. He wanted to make damned sure that she did not get away from him. He was determined to make her wet clutching cunt his very own.

               "Oh, Danny. . . your cock feels so hot and bard inside! You're the greatest, lover!  Aaaaahhhh!"

               Sue could not have said exactly what it was that made that special chemistry between her and   Dan. But there was no doubting that it was there by the barrelful. Just the touch of his finger on her elbow was   enough to bring her close to cumming. The thrill of feeling his stiff cock impaling her pussy was   indescribable. All the blonde knew was that for the past four months she had been enjoying the~ best, most intense, most wanton lovemaking of her whole twenty-three years. She had never felt so hungry   before, nor so repeatedly satisfied.

               The nights she and Dan spent together, they did not get much sleep. But both of them spent   the next day with idiotic smiles on their faces. The lovers were convinced that they had discovered an erotic combination that had never been known before. They felt like explorers in a new land. The   experience was a heavy one, an intense one. And it just seemed to go on and on...

               "Screw me, Danny! Oh, screw-w-w me!" She looked at her passion-distorted face in the mirror   and a new wave of pleasure swept through her. The good-looking blonde secretary had never been afraid of indulging the needs of her ripe shapely   body. She had lost her virginity when she was eighteen to a boy hired by her father to help lay the foundation of their garage. Rather than questioning her youthful surrender to lust, Sue had recognized right from the start that she just plain loved to   fuck. She had done a lot of it, and enjoyed it all. It had come as a surprise to her that anyone could affect her with quite the intensity that Dan Walker   exuded. It had been like being born again to a whole new, higher level of sexuality. It had been an intense thrill for the young woman to realize   there was so much she had not learned yet, and to make the realization just at a point when she had   thought she knew it all and might be getting a little bored. The fury of her gyrating motions had made one of Sue's big round tits bust right out of her top. The pink   arcola was swollen to aching tenderness by the woman's arousal. Her nipple was hard, sticking straight  out at her reflection in the glass. Dan took one look at that rich swelling globe and had to have a feel of it.   While he held his cock buried in Sue's cunt, he clasped her tit and tugged on the nipple roughly. She proved a match for him. Instead of crying for mercy, she squealed with delight. She rubbed her   buttocks obscenely back against her boyfriend's loins, trying to force him to get on with his fucking  rhythm. She thrust her tit willingly into his hand, looking for more of the inciting painpleasure signals.  "Christ, Sue, you're too much, baby! You like it all, don't you! I couldn't hurt you if I tried when you're like this!" While her pussy-walls struggled to keep   him captive within her cuint, he started to fuck her with quick, deep, even strokes. "God, I think your twat's trying to eat me alive! It's good, baby! Good!"

                She could tell by the dreamy quality of his voice that the big man's self-control was hanging by mere shreds. It didn't disturb her. It was fine with Sue if her lover wanted to cum. She knew the first   swelling of his cock, as it surrendered to explosion, would drive her to climax. It happened that way with   them often, particularly when they were as frantic in their lovemaking as they were now. It was as if they were two sticks of dynamite, both working off the same fuse.

                "Uh. . . uh Dan!"'

               She clung to 'the edge of the heavy oak buffet and let herself be impaled over and over again   by the determined force of Dan's thick cock. She thrust back to meet him as best she could, but Sue's strength was waning. The pleasure-darts had her in sway. Her knees felt as if they might buckle at any   moment. She continued to moan and whimper helplessly, reveling in the repeated thrust of her lover's passion.

                Though she did not see it coming, the moment when Dan's cock began to swell to bursting forced her right over the edge into ecstasy. "Ooohhh.. .  oh, God, Dannnnn.. . I'm cunmmmming!"
               He was doing it at the same moment she was. It was a consuming experience, made all the   better by the knowledge that his woman was right up there with him.

               "Jeez, Sue ... uuuhh! Yeah, baby!"

                He bent forward and clutched her tightly around her slender waist. They remained locked together like that for some time, enjoying the trickling warmth of their spent passion as his cum oozed   from her pussy around the shrinking girth of his cock. At last the awkward position forced them to   straighten up. Though her thighs were smeared with cum, Sue did not bother to wipe them off. She pulled her pantyhose up, right over the telltale smears of their excitement.

                Dan grinned at her questioningly.

               "It's good for the complexion," she explained. "You want to get down to the club? We'd better   hurry if we're not going to miss the whole show."

               Dan grabbed hold of her before she could start putting on her coat. He pulled her roughly to   him and wrapped her in his arms. "You're a great woman, Sue," he told her.

               She kissed him on the tip of his nose and giggled. "And you're a great man! The greatest!" She   realized then that he was being serious, more serious than normal. Out of respect for his mood, she put her arms around him more gently and snuggled into his shoulder. She, sensed that he wanted her soft   right now. "I have such a good time with you, Dan."

                "I want you to come back east with me to visit my family," he told her abruptly. "That vacation we've been planning together, that's where we ought to go."

                She was shocked. He had never before even breathed a hint of such a plan. Meeting the family sounded like serious business. "But, Dan . . . I mean, why right away? What's the hurry?"

                "Because I want to marry you, and I suppose I ought to let the folks have a look at you before   we do it. Doesn't that sound fair?"

               Sue's jaw hung limply. She was dumbfounded. Dan was covering a lot of territory awfully fast.   A few minutes ago, the biggest thing on her mind had been a jazz show, now it was marriage. They had discussed it obliquely once or twice, but nothing nearly so direct. Sue was not even sure how she felt   about marriage. She thought she was awfully young...

               "Well, Sue . . . what do you say?"

                He was looking at her with such trust, such vulnerable confidence. She felt a surge of love for him stronger than anything she had ever known. She knew right then, she could not do without the   overwhelming joy of this man's talented cock or his enthusiastic admiration. He always made her feel so beautiful.

                Marriage! Well, why not? Most everyone did it, at least once. Some even made it work. "What do I say? I say we should go and visit your family. But, you know, I'm going to be scared stiff. I've never been   a candidate for a daughter-in-law before. Will you promise me one thing?"

               "Anything!"

                "Let's not tell them we're thinking about marriage, at least not at first. I don't want them to feel like they have to like me or anything."

                "They're going to love you! But okay, whatever you like. But I warn you; as soon as they see   the dumb look I get on my face when I look at you, they're going to jump to their own conclusions.

               "So let them jump! Speaking of which, what say we skip the jazz tonight? My pussy is all of a   sudden awfully hungry for you again."

               It was another long night at home for Dan and Sue. Both of them felt like they were screwing   six inches up off the bed!







 CHAPTER TWO


               One thing made both of them nervous-when they were staying under the roof of Dan's   parents, Luke and Lucy, they would have to sleep in separate rooms. For the sake of peace in the family, the rules would have to be observed.

                At first, Sue had been appalled by the idea of such hypocrisy. After all, Dan was twenty-eight   years old! Why should he have to pretend in front of his parents that he was still a virgin? Or whatever it was he was trying to prove!

               She expressed her point of view to Dan in no uncertain terms. He calmly tried to explain that,   with her own parents dead, Sue had forgotten what it meant to try to get along with the older generation. He was not trying to prove anything to his folks, he said. He was just going to show them respect by   doing things the way they thought they ought to be done in their own house.

               That seemed reasonable to Sue; she voiced no more objections. But she insisted that the trip   back east be a sexual marathon. "Otherwise I don't know how I'll exist, darling! I'm so used to getting   nice long doses of that big hard cock of yours!"

               "It's not as if we won't have some time to ourselves in the house, you know. Dad works long   hours, and Mom's always working on some committee or other. We can fool around then."

               She giggled and rubbed the soft place in the front of his trousers. "That sounds like fun. But I   still want to screw my way across America!"

               Dan pretended that the very idea exhausted him. "I guess I better start eating steak for   breakfast and dinner!"

               "And don't forget the oysters!"

                It was a good trip. Dan had no trouble living up to Sue's expectations. It was the first time they had been away together, away from the old routine and the daily job vexations. They could scarcely keep   their hands off each other.

               "This is exciting, Dan. I feel like we're starting life all over again, just you and me against the world, against the open highway."  "That's it, baby. And when we're married, it'd be even better. Just think of all the things we can do"

               It was the last day of their trip. They were having lunch in a small restaurant just a couple of   hours outside the town where Dan's family lived.

               Sue reached under the table and squeezed the front of Dan's trousers. "I can't think of a thing   we don't already do together."

                He grinned. "I'm sure there must be something, beautiful"

               The blonde felt a hot surge in her cunt as Dan's cock lurched to her touch. "Oh, D~... I'm so   horny for you! Can't we do it just one more time before we reach your folks'. We might not be able to do it again for days!"

                She could tell her argument carried weight. His cock was growing to steely hardness under the caressing incitement of her hand. The crotch of her panties was already wet. She could almost feel   his stiff cock inside her craving cunt.

               Dan looked around the restaurant. The waitress was leaning lazily over the shelf that was   designed to carry the fresh offerings from the kitchen. She was talking with the cook, totally heedless of their presence. They had paid their bill; she had no further business with them.

                "Let's head out the back way! Quick! guided the bloated tip of Dan's cock toward the heated slit of her snatch.  "Oh, baby... open up and let me in!"

               Dan had her backed up against the wall next to the paper towel dispenser. Her hairy   cunt-mound was tilted upward, waiting for him. His cock-tip was throbbing at the first contact of  pussy-hair and the yielding moistness beneath. Dan was not about to wait for an engraved invitation. He   grabbed her by the ass-cheeks and pulled her up until she was standing on tiptoe. Now she was at the   right angle for him. He flexed his buttocks muscles and shoved his cock into her. Her cooing moans of  satisfaction made him frantic to do it to her again. Which he did.

                "Aaaggghhhh ... God-d-d, yesss! Screw me, lover! Your cock is stretching my pussy so fine!"

               In her mind's eye, Sue was entertaining lewd images of their depravity. Here they were,   clutching each other like a couple of animals in the ladies' room of a country restaurant. Her pants were lying in a careless puddle at her feet while she struggled as high onto tippy-top as she could get, to invite   his cock into her cunt at the angle of greatest satisfaction for both of them. Her bare ass was cold against the tiled wall, but the sensation only added to her excitement. It was a reminder of their depravity. It was a   goal that made her wonder what that sullen waitress would think if she could see them now!

		guided the bloated tip of Dan's cock toward the heated slit of her snatch.  "Oh, baby... open up and let me in!"

               Dan had her backed up against the wall next to the paper towel dispenser. Her hairy   cunt-mound was tilted upward, waiting for him. His cock-tip was throbbing at the first contact of  pussy-hair and the yielding moistness beneath. Dan was not about to wait for an engraved invitation. He   grabbed her by the ass-cheeks and pulled her up until she was standing on tiptoe. Now she was at the   right angle for him. He flexed his buttocks muscles and shoved his cock into her. Her cooing moans of  satisfaction made him frantic to do it to her again. Which he did.

                "Aaaggghhhh ... God-d-d, yesss! Screw me, lover! Your cock is stretching my pussy so fine!"

               In her mind's eye, Sue was entertaining lewd images of their depravity. Here they were,   clutching each other like a couple of animals in the ladies' room of a country restaurant. Her pants were  lying in a careless puddle at her feet while she struggled as high onto tippy-top as she could get, to invite   his cock into her cunt at the angle of greatest satisfaction for both of them. Her bare ass was cold against  the tiled wall, but the sensation only added to her excitement. It was a reminder of their depravity. It was a   goal that made her wonder what that sullen waitress would think if she could see them now!

               "Oh yeah . . . your cock feels so good in meeeee!"

                She tried to keep her voice down. It was not easy. The more she thought about their unusual  situation, the more aroused she got; the more out of control she got.

                Dan took a snugger hold of her ass-cheeks and pulled her right up off the ground. He was a  big man who outweighed his good-looking girlfriend by almost a hundred pounds. The force of his lust   made him even stronger than normal. She felt no heavier than a baby as he fed her wet, heated cunt   again and again to his eager, rampaging cock.

               His mouth sought hers and their tongues entwined lewdly. The ferocity of their fucking was   flamed by the unchecked hunger with which they explored one another's mouths. Their lips nibbled;  their tongues stabbed; their bodies throbbed with their building lust. They were taking each other higher   and higher.

               As he grew more immersed in the depraved energy of their forbidden sexual peak, Dan found   himself less able to cope with the strain of trying to keep Sue off the ground. He tried setting her down on  tiptoes, the way she had been before. But he wanted more of her than that. He wanted his cock in her   deep.

               "Turn around, baby! Bend over the sink! Yeah! That's the girl!"

                She moaned luxuriously as his cock again found its way into her clinging cunt-hole, this time from behind. His cock felt so much bigger inside. She could   feel the enticing prawn his cock-head straining her cunt-lips.  He shoved his cock into her. Once he  lunged in at an angle that made his cock in line with her cervix. She flinched, then moaned and whined   for more.

               So engrossed was Sue in her want on fucking when she was bent over the sink in the   restaurant restroom, that she did not hear the footsteps that made Dan slow down the heated strokes of   his cock into her moist cunt.

               Someone was coming down the hallway!

                The two lovers held their breath, but they did not completely halt the lewd rhythm with which  they squirmed against each other, milking the pleasure from their impromptu act of fucking. Dan started   to fuck her harder when the door to the men's restroom squeaked on its hinges and someone walked  inside.

                They Were safe for a while longer, but Dan imme4iately began to shove his cock into Sue's  pussy with the intention of getting them out of there as quickly as possible. They could hear the flush of   the toilet and the squeak of the taps next door as their neighbor went about his business. The idea that  they were flirting so dangerously with discovery made them both frantic for the fiery reward of release.   Sue's pussy fluttered with eager excitement. Dan's cock swelled to its limits of rockhardness.  "God, Dan, I'm so excited," Sue whispered. Just the thought that she had to whisper to keep the man next door from hearing her, egged her on in the   feverish haste with which she churned her ass back to meet Dan's thrusts. She could feel .a thousand  taunting goads of pleasure attacking her nerve-endings, each one trying to goad her into surrendering to   the liberating arms of orgasm.

                But still, she was too intent on the climb-the climb that was taking her lover higher and higher.  She could feel his agonizingly stiffened cock punishing her eager cunt with harsh quick jabs of ecstasy,   each one taking her a little farther, a little closer to the brink. She grabbed hold of the edges of the sink to  keep herself from being knocked too far forward. As it was, she barely missed collision with the soap   dispenser each time Dan's cock immersed itself to the roots in her wet welcoming pussy-hole.

               The footsteps of their temporary neighbor had already receded back down the hail. Sue   allowed her moans to get a little louder again. Dan grunted fiercely each time he had the woman fully  pinioned on the end of his cock. But both of them knew they were screwing on borrowed time. They had   to get out of there. What if the man who had visited next door had arrived with a wife who had also been  sitting for a long while in a car, looking forward to the next rest stop?                  With both lust and practicality urging them on. Each time it made its hot voyage inside, the  man felt himself slipping a little closer to climax.

                She was pulling on him, egging him on, inviting him to leave her with a thick hot load to  remember him by. His whole body ached to give her what every shimmy of her hips was begging for. He   knew there was a heavy gift waiting, in his balls, for the moment when he would send it spurting into the   greedy haven of her cunt.

               "Uh, jeez, Sue... you really turn me on, baby! Christ, I love fucking this hot hairy hole of yours!   Yeah, move it, beautiful! Move that thing!"

               His coarse language smacked of desperation. Sue felt the same desperation flooding her   senses. It thrilled her to think that Dan was right there with her, fighting the same agony of pleasure that  she was dealing with. "Uuuuuh~... oh yess... screw meeee!" She watched the lust-slackened face in the   mirror, scarcely recognizing it is her own, yet failing prey to its wanton grimace. She looked farther up, at  the face of the man who was laboring over her. He grinned at her, or managed to pull off the closest thing   to a grin that his facial muscles could manage at the moment.

                Her reply was to slam her shapely ass back, sucking his stiff cock once again into the clinging  heat of her twat. It thrilled her to watch his eyes close in ecstasy, then open again as he struggled to   impale her one time more . . . then another . . . then another

               "Oooohh, Sue. . . oooohh, beautiful! I'm getting there! I'm getting there now-w-w!"

                She could feel his cock growing to steel-hard proportitons, straining incredibly against the   yielding walls of her cunt. She knew then that he was cumming. Every fiber of her being longed to take  the journey with him. She relaxed into the wet filling spell of his climax, and she took off to meet her big   handsome lover. "I'm cumming, too, Danny-y-y! Mmmmm... you do it to me so ni-ii-ice!"

               The blonde secretary clung crazily to the edges of the restroom sink as her knees wobbled   and her. body shook with pleasure. She felt Dan clinging to her with the same desperation she was  applying to the washbasin. His shrinking cock slipped slowly from the hot refuge of her twat. It was   almost an insult to her lulling sense of pleasure when his voice reminded her crisply that they should be  going. But she knew he was right and she struggled with her limp-bodied awkwardness to adjust her   clothes and prepare for their exit.

               They made for the back door just beyond the men's restroom, but discovered to their dismay that it was jammed. Dan grinned weakly at his girlfriend   as he guided her back up the hallway. "Chin up, beautiful. It's time to run the gauntlet!"

              The only customer in the restaurant was a man sitting at the counter, his face buried is a   newspaper. He paid no attention to them as they crossed to the front door. They thought they were home  free, but just as Dan turned the doorhandle, the sarcastic voice of the waitress assaulted them.

                "You should be happy we're not charging you room rates! What the hell! All the world loves a   lover, right?"

               Dan and Sue did not look back. But when they were safely in his car, they burst into gales of   laughter. Their groins still tingled with the glow of their quickie. CHAPTER THREE


               Dan had been right about his family's reaction to Sue. They all seemed to love her. As for Sue,   she thought they were pretty nice, too. But her nervousness was still with her. She could not forget the  idea that she had been brought to these people's house so they could inspect her. It was not in Sue's   nature to be self-conscious, but being taken home to meet the family made her feel shy as a sparrow-for   a while, at least.

               Luke, Dan's father, gave Sue a warm hug when he met her, and proceeded to try to ply her with alcohol-before, during and after dinner. He was not at all   what Sue had expected in the father of a twenty-eight-year-old man. She had expected someone balding,  pot-bellied arid nice.

                Luke was nice all right, but he was tall and brawny, like his oldest son, and very handsome. He  had just enough gray in his hair to give him an air of authority, but otherwise, there was little about him   that gave away his age. Dan had told her he was forty-nine, but to the blonde he did not look a day over   forty. She did not like the little throbs of excitement she felt in her belly when Luke bent over her to pour  her wine. They were not appropriate sensations for a young woman to feel for her future father-in-law.

                Dan's mother, Lucy, was a couple of years younger than her husband, but she did not look as  young. Still, she was a handsome woman. Her grey-blonde hair was pulled into an attractive chignon that   made Lucy look, at the same time, both motherly and elegant. Her figure was still trim, and Sue admired  the way the older woman moved about her house, managing the comfort of her family and guest. Lucy   was the one Sue instinctively felt closest to. She thought she could understand at a glance exactly what  motivated Lucy. It was the father and the younger son who presented the dilemma.

                Dick was the smallest of the Walker men. True, he was only sixteen, but already it was clear he would never achieve the full-bodied girth of either his   father or his big brother. He was slender and a couple of inches less than six feet. The most amazing part  of Dick was his handsome face-pretty would have been a better word-but Sue did not want to insult the   boy, even in her thoughts: Though Dick said little, his penetrating blue eyes watched the blonde constantly. His attention unnerved   Sue. But it flattered her, too. She felt instinctively that the boy's scrutiny was heavily laced with   admiration.

               It was Luke who dominated the dinnertime conversation. As an outsider, Sue quickly sensed   who the pivotal figure in the family was. She joined the others in making casual remarks to supplement  the subject matter that Luke chose to deal with in his monologues. The general rule seemed to be 'speak   when spoken to, or during intermissions.' Even Dan followed the rule-Sue had never seen her handsome  fiance so quiet.

                "Yeah, Dan, I'm going to have to take this family of mine out to California one of these days to  visit you two. I've heard it's a dandy place to live, out there. I'm never going to doubt that business about   beautiful California girls again, I tell you. Sue's proof enough for me. I'm proud of you, boy. You got  yourself a fine-looking woman there. Make sure you hold onto her."

                "Don't worry, Dad. I don't have any intention of letting Sue go. You can take my word on that.  "Sue nudged Dan in the ribs, a reminder of his promise   to keep their engagement secret for the time being. She kept her eyes studiously directed to her plate,  pretending she was paying more attention to her food than to the conversation between father and son.   Luke's heavy-handed compliment had set her heart beating like a bass drum. She knew she was  blushing, and she hated herself for it. She did not usually blush. That Luke did something to her that she   did not like made her feel small and vulnerable. Both his size and the force of his personality threatened   to overwhelm her.

               The defensive feeling made her bristle. She was not going to let any big galoot make her feel   like a sweet little thing with a bow in her hair. She looked in Luke's direction, fully intending to give him a  stare as cool and controlled as any she had ever produced.

                He took her by surprise. He was already staring at her when she looked his way. She could  not hold his gaze, but she struggled valiantly to regroup the shattered remains of her self-possession   while she drew and erased parallel lines with her fork in her mashed potatoes.

               The hand that patted hers startled Sue. She looked up to find Dan's mother smiling at her from   the end of the table.

               "Poor Sue. I think you're too tired for this dinnertime rattle, aren't you? Would you like me to show you to your room? You get my sewing room. I think you'll like it, it's very cozy."

                Sue smiled gratefully at the older woman. She knew she had been right about Lucy. In her  own quiet way, Lucy knew how to recognize a situation getting out of control, and how to take care of it.

                "That sounds wonderful, Lucy. I guess that week on the road is finally catching up with me."  As she rose to leave the table, Dan gave her a quick pinch on the ass that told her he knew exactly what   it was that was catching up with her-getting the hell screwed out of her several times a day.

                Hoping no one had noticed his gesture, she reached for Dan's hand and squeezed it. 

		"Goodnight, Dan. See you tomorrow." She smiled politely at Luke, who grinned back at her. She began   to believe the mental struggle between them had been all in her own mind. He seemed like a nice man,  even if he did talk a lot.

                "See you tomorrow, Dick. If I'm not up early enough to see you off, have a good day at school,  okay?"

                It was Dick's turn to blush. Now that Sue was looking back at him, the boy could not meet her  gaze. "Thanks," he muttered.

                Sue felt her pussy flutter and was embarrassed, just as if someone might have been able to tell  what was happening to her. She realized she was going to have to be careful around the Walker men. All   three of them had a powerful effect on her. But only one was hers to explore at will.

                Dick was normally a sound sleeper, and it confused him to find himself wide awake in the  middle of the night. What had awakened him?                  He listened attentively for night noises, trying to detect anything out of the usual. His eyes  strained in the weak moonlight that filtered through his curtains. Everything seemed normal, quiet.   "Gad!" the boy muttered in disgust. "Now I'll never get back to sleep!"

                Dick began to get anxious about the idea of lying awake until dawn and then feeling groggy in  school all day. He decided to go downstairs and make himself some hot chocolate. He was looking   forward to the idea of a mid-night treat and some time to think.

               What he wanted to think about was Sue. Dick had never met a woman who had made such an   impression on him as had Sue. Even his good-looking French teacher seemed homely in comparison to  the pretty, quiet blonde.

                He thought she might even be better than Cheryl Ladd, who at this point in Dick's virginal life  was his ideal of female desirability.

                It irked the boy that everything his brother had ever had or done seemed so far superior to the  highlights of his own boring existence. Dick loved his big brother. In fact, he idolized Dan. But he could not help occasionally resenting the fact that Dan   had always had everything-and still had everything. Now he had this fantastic woman. She was just the  kind of girl Dick would have liked to have, but Dick had never even had a girl.

                Girls liked him; they thought he was 'cute'. But that was not the problem. The problem was  that Dick felt like a nerd around girls. He couldn't talk. He couldn't even stand around and look cool. He   just went to pieces, the way he had tonight when Sue had talked to him.

                The boy's harsh self-analysis was cut short by the realization that someone had gotten to the  kitchen ahead of him. A faint light glowed beneath the kitchen door and Dick could hear voices- voices   not saying anything exactly, just kind of making noises.

               He approached the door on tiptoe and nudged it open just enough to look inside. What he saw   made his adolescent nuts throb. His brother, Dan, was sitting on a kitchen chair in his bathrobe with his  legs spread. He was getting a blowjob from his girlfriend, Sue!

                "Holy shit!" the boy muttered before he had a chance to clamp a hand over his mouth. Dick felt  as if he had been turned to stone. He froze up, one hand holding the door ajar while he watched Sue's   beautiful blonde head bobbing up and down over his brother's thick-swollen cock.

               When he had thawed out enough to think, he was dismayed to see that, like everything else,   his brother's cock was bigger than his was. It was bad enough to have a brother who was the  best-known halfback in the history of the school, while he wasn't even able to make the team. It was   worse to know that that same brother also won the awards in the cock department.

               Jealousy burned in his veins to watch the beautiful blonde moaning and laboring over his   brother's cock. Dick could not help feeling that the wonderful gentle woman ought to be his. What right   did Dan have to make her do a thing like that! His brother was trying to humiliate her!

               That was what the boy wanted to believe, but it was clear as. sunlight that Sue was not doing   anything she did not want to do. She was working with a feverish enthusiasm that betrayed itself in the  wild way she churned her ass in• her thin negligee. The boy strained against the crack in the doorway to   watch her generous lips form a tight oval grip around Dan's aroused cock. He held his breath as she slid  her lips all the way up to the very tip of his cock, then swooped her head all the way down until she wore   a moustache of Dan's dark pubic hair.

               When her head had again risen to the peak of Dan's cock, Sue stuck out her tongue and   prodded the slit in his cock-head. From her lusty groan of appreciation, the boy understood that she had found what she was after. She had dived for cumjuice and emerged with a tongue-tip smeared with the   thick white juice of Dan's pre-seminal fluid.

               For a few moments, Dick struggled with his conscience, trying to decide if the lewd scene he   was witnessing should bring Sue down in his esteem. She was acting like the kind of woman that a  friend of his had told him no man ever respected. She was acting just like a whore!

                But the boy's passion had no intention of letting his adoration be sidetracked by anything like   moral scruples. As he watched her mouth give loving service to his brother's cock, Dick could think  nothing but good thoughts about Sue. If anything, he felt more captivated by her than ever. She was   such a sexy woman. And wasn't that just what every man wanted in his girl?

               "Oh yeah, beautiful! Suck my cock! You do it so good, Sue baby! Yeah-h!" As he thrust his   turgid cock deep into her mouth, Dan reached for the skirt of Sue's negligee and pulled it up over her  backside, until the smooth undulating globes of her ass-cheeks were exposed to view. "You sure do   have a fine ass, baby! I love the way it works out when you're sucking me! I love watching you turn  yourself on!"

                She moaned in submissive arousal and dropped her lips all the way down to the base of his  cock. "Mmmhhhhh!" She held his cock prisoner in her mouth for what seemed an amazing amount of time. Dan grunted and jerked like a spider caught on a pin.

                It was only when he found himself staring right at the naked cheeks of Sue's ass that Dick  realized he had an incredible, aching hard-on. He had been so busy before, just adjusting his brain to the   perversion he had happened upon, that the actual excitement of the situation had not gotten through to  him. But the beautiful picture of Sue's taut churning ass-cheeks cut through all the confusion and spoke   straight to the boy's balls. The blonde had one beautiful ass, and Dick felt himself almost overwhelmed   by an incredible desire to walk right into the kitchen and caress it. The boy had never experienced so  strongly the urge to sink his cock in hot wet pussy. He had never been so close to the real thing!

                When she worked her hips at one certain angle, Dick could glimpse her cunt-mound. The hair  was thick and darker than her head hair, but it was blonde all the same. It formed an attention-getting   thatch over the entrance to her cunt.

               Dick was getting bold enough to begin to wish that Dan might pull her negligee off all the way   so he could get a look at Sue's tits, too. He ran his hand roughly over the swollen flesh in the front of his  pajamas, reveling in the obscene thought of how Sue would look totally naked, kneeling there on the   kitchen floor sucking his brother's cock. But the boy realized with a pang of regret that that was not to be. Dan was getting too excited by the feel of her lips wrapped around his cock-shaft, sliding   up and down the sensitized flesh. He was not much interested in looking at her shapely body. He had his  head thrown back. His mouth was open a little. He looked stupid with shock. His only active gestures   were the odd grunt that escaped his lips and the more frequent jerk of his hips that sent his cock  storming between the woman's eagerly clasped lips.

                Responding to the erotic encouragement of her lover's groans, Sue worked her lips more and   more quickly over the thick hard cock in her mouth. It excited her to have her ass bare to the lusty gaze  of the big man whose cock filled her throat. She worked like a woman possessed to claim the reward of   his thick hot cum. Her every moan, every slurp, every wiggle were in the cause of winning herself a  mouthful of hot cum!

                Even inexperienced as he was, Dick realized that no man could resist the kind of challenge  Sue's mouth was dealing his brother's cock. His own cock throbbed. in. his hand as he watched his   brother's far grow fierce and tense with the effort of rising to meet his orgasm. A thin gusk of moisture  coated his fingers as he head Dan bellow out his release.

                "Jeez-z. woman! Suck it! I'm cumming, baby! Swallow it all!"

               She did as he asked. While the man sat back in want and surrendered to climax, her cheeks hollowed and bellowed as she gulped down his hot cum.   Even when his low murmurs of satisfaction indicated he was through, Sue continued to lick the tip of  Dan's cock.

                The boy crouched outside the kitchen door, awestruck with all he had just seen. Dick realized  there was no chance now he would get any more sleep tonight. But sleep seemed damned unimportant   compared to the wealth of knowledge and erotic memories he had just picked up. His brain was filled   with thoughts of Sue. Sue, the sexiest woman in the world.

               "I told you I wouldn't be able to make it even one night without you," he heard her say as he   tried to brace himself for the long trip back up the stairs.

               "Hell, do you hear me complaining? I'm just damned grateful we both thought of hot chocolate   at the same time. The thought of missing anything as good as what you just did makes me want to cry.~~

               The distant 'sound of the blonde's giggles accompanied Dick back up the stairs-back up to   his lonely virginal bed. CHAPTER FOUR


               Luke was pleased with the way his boys were turning out. Dick was going to be the   intellectual one. He knew that already. In fact, he thought it might be kind of nice to have a lawyer in the  family.

                He had always been a little worried about Dan. Things seemed to have come too easily to his   handsome first son. Dan had grown up with the adulation of high school cheerleaders and football  groupies. Though he had won a football scholar- ship to college, he had never paid much attention to books. As little as he could get away with had   always been his approach as far as homework was concerned. Luke had been afraid his big son might  end up blowing all the favor fate had dumped into his lap.

                At last, though, Luke was starting to relax about Dan. It looked like the boy was growing up.  After a half-hearted stab at four or five different careers, Dan seemed to be making a success of his job   as a real estate salesman. He was making money and he was talking seriously about starting his own   brokerage.

               The most impressive thing about Dan these days, though, was the way he behaved toward his   beautiful girlfriend. Luke knew his son had been through probably hundreds of women. There were  times when he had felt a little jealous of the variety and quality of Dan's 'honeys'. But Luke basically   believed in the institution of the family. He wanted to see his son with one woman, a woman who could  help turn him into a better person-a woman like Lucy. Lucy might not turn him on so much any more, but   Luke could not imagine anyone else for a wife. When he had said" 'till death us do part" to Lucy, he had  meant it.

                The way Luke saw it, Dan seemed to have those same kinds of feelings for Sue. Luke could  see why. Not only was the blonde beautiful, but there was a special kind of quality about her-an energy, a determination that made a man want to tame her. It even made Luke want to tame her, and the older   man regretted having those kinds of feelings about his son's girlfriend. He could not deny the attraction  he felt for the young beauty, though. She was quite a woman. He could imagine she would be a dynamo   in bed. The very thought of her voluptuous, big-titted body, naked between the sheets, made the man  tingle all over.

                He and Lucy did not make love much any more, and Luke spent a lot of time half-conscious of   being horny. He could not bring himself to being unfaithful to Lucy, but he could not get excited enough  about his wife's sexuality to want to fuck her much, either. Luke was a frustrated man, these days.   Having a couple of young people around who radiated sexuality did not help him any.

               But he liked having his family around him. He hoped Dan would decide to marry the beautiful   Sue. Maybe once she was officially Dan's wife-when there was no doubt about the fact that they were  sleeping together-then Luke would bury once and for all the forbidden cravings he felt every time he   looked at her.

               He hoped so.  Luke worked hard managing his construction business. It did not happen often,   but every now and then he treated himself to an afternoon off. He thought today he might go home and  drink a couple of beers with Dan, get to know his son bet4' ter. While he was at it, he could put a little pressure on the boy to make an honest woman of that bigtitted   girlfriend of his. Despite himself, Luke was remembering how Sue had looked in a tight cashmere  sweater, the night before, as he let himself into his house.

                He heard no sounds of activity in the house, and for a disappointed moment he thought he  would have to spend his afternoon off alone. Lucy, he knew, was at a fundraising meeting. But where   would Dan and Sue go? They had said last night they were going to hang around the house today,   maybe swim in the pool, relax. That was it! Luke grinned. They must be out back by the pool!

               The quickest way to the pool was through the house and out the sliding-glass doors in the   dining room. But Luke did not take the quickest route. Instead, he went to the garage first to put away  some things he had brought home. The door at the back of his garage was closed. Luke had it open only   a little way when his heart did a somersault and his eyes threatened to bug right out of his head.

               Dan and Sue were by the pool, all right. But what they were doing was nothing so innocent as   swimming and sunning.

               Sue was lying spread-eagled on her back on a towel, wearing only the teeny top of a two-piece   bathing suit. She was moaning and squirming in ecstatic delight while Dan knelt between her legs, eating the hair-fringed slit of her pussy.

                Luke could not believe his eyes. It was as if he had suddenly walked in on a live enactment of  his most forbidden fantasy. Only, in his fantasy, it would have been him eating that wet pink pussy with   such relish.

               "Mmmmm ... baby . . . your pussy tastes great," Dan mumbled between tongue-stabs. Talking   only seemed to make him impatient, though, for more of his girl's sweet-tasting juices. He extended his   tongue and swirled it around the peak of her aroused cut. Then he slipped it down farther to attack the  yielding hole of her cunt.

                Luke had a bird's-eye view of everything. And what details he could not make out with his  eyes were generously furnished by his imagination. For one fleeting instant, he thought he ought to be   annoyed with the younger people for taking advantage of their time alone at his home to indulge in such  wanton perversion. But he knew he would only be betraying his jealousy if he tried to act the irate father.   In Dan's shoes, he knew, he would be doing the very same thing.

               And how he wished he were in Dan's shoes!

                The blonde's face was wreathed in sultry smiles as she swiveled her hips up to feed her cunt  to her boyfriend's face.

                "Mmnmm... yess, Dan darling... like that! Eat my pussy, lover! It's 5000 wonderful!"

               Christ! What a sexpot! Luke thought as he crouched inside the garage, watching the progress of the lewd lovemaking between his son and his   big-titted girlfriend. She was even better than he had expected she would be, though he had never  expected to actually have a chance to see her in action.

                He watched her tongue dart from her mouth in passionate anguish as Dan tongue-fucked her  deep. He watched her reach up and grab hold of her lush tits, fondling them and pinching them to   enhance the sensual effects of her growing abandon. One ripe globe popped out of her skimpy suit-top.   Luke found himself licking his lips as he contemplated the tempting picture of the blonde's ripe  sex-honed body. She looked incredibly appealing lying there, almost naked, with just that little bit of   bikini to accent her obscenely exposed curves.

               The older man's eyes roamed frantically from her beautiful flushed face to her big tits to her   dark-blonde bush of pussy-hair. Dan's head was in the way of her cunt-slit, but Luke could imagine how  hot and wet it must be, how tangy her freeflowing juices must taste. He swallowed hard. His throat was   getting dry. Somewhere in the back of his head, Luke knew he was in trouble. He had been putting a lot  of effort into trying to forget Sue's well-evident female charms. He knew he could never forget them now,   not with memories like he was recording right now.

               Knowing she was Dan's girl friend did not help. Luke was growing more certain in his opinions about what kind of woman Sue was-she did not need to   be married to indulge in wanton sex with a man. Who knew how serious she even was about Dan? After  all, they had only known each other four months. Maybe she even had other men on the side. She was   nobody's woman yet. As Luke had sensed from the beginning, Sue was definitely a woman with a mind  of her own-and a body willful enough to go along with it.

                Much as he did not want to let it happen, Luke's imagination was taking more and more   liberties with the information he had just gained about Sue. He was letting himself go. His conscience  forgot to remind him that he. should not be having fantasies about his son's girlfriend; he was too   engrossed in thinking what those full bouncy tits would feel like. What it would be like to suck on her  nipples until they were hard as little bullets. How she would sound writhing and moaning under him   while he fucked her to ecstasy.

               It took no imagination at all to summon up the vocal effects. They were right there, hovering in   the afternoon air, assaulting his ears like the strains of some powerful aural aphrodisiac. 

		"Ooohhh...God-d-d! It's getting soooo goood! I'm getting there, Danny! You're doing it to meee!"  She pulled her knees up so her feet were resting against the man's ears. She used the leverage from her  feet to wriggle her ass off the ground and back down again. Her tits bounced with her effort. Her mouth worked in strange contorted motions as she   climbed for the satisfaction that hovered a thread's breadth away.

               Then suddenly, she was grinding her cunt against Dan's face as if she were trying to glue her   pussy to his lips. "Ooooohhh. . . oh I'm cummming!" Her mouth grew slack as soon as she got the words  out. She whined in voluptuous ecstasy as her thighs held Dan's head prisoner to her exploding cunt.

                In his hiding place inside the garage, Luke held his breath while he watched the beautiful sexy   blonde enjoy the carefree high of orgasm. His cock was throbbing in his pants, responding to the primal  call of her arousal. He watched enviously as his son hastily pulled off his swim trunks to reveal his own   hard-swollen boner. Luke tried to remember how long it had been since he had felt his own sexuality that  vibrant, coursing through his veins down to the mushrooming tip of his cock.

                It had been months.

               The big man realized he had let himself forget what an all-consuming experience sex could be.   He had let his sex life with his wife assume the same secure status in his mind as eating his hot buttered  toast in the morning. He really liked hot buttered toast, but if he had thought that was the heights all the   songs and stories told about, he would have done himself in long ago. Only in watching blonde-headed  Sue getting off did Luke realize how much he wanted to be a whole man again with a whole marriage.

                He was shaking, so aroused was he by the thoughts and emotions his voyeurism had stirred  in him. He watched only mechanically as his son climbed on top of his girlfriend, as she wrapped her   legs around his back and coaxed him to enter her. Her shrieks of delight as Dan's cock penetrated her  pussy brought Luke back to reality. But he had not forgotten what he had learned about himself-and that   he fully intended to pass the good news along to his wife.

                While he covered Sue's face with kisses, Dan guided his cock expertly in and out of her  pussy. From his hiding place, Luke could see the glinting sheen of pussy-juice on his son's cock. The   sight made his balls feel ominously heavy, it made his cock strain against his pants. Luke grinned to  himself. He felt more a man this afternoon than he had for a long time. That good-looking little blonde had   done it for him. How he would like to thank her for her kind service!

               Being a practical man, Luke was starting to fantasize about his own wife and how she would   like to be taken with the same ferocity Dan was exercising on his girlfriend. He knew Lucy would love it,  and he realized a little guiltily that he had probably not been giving his wife all the attention lately that   such a good woman needed and deserved. He would make that right. He sure would. But no matter what he did, Lucy's tits would never again be the upthrusting cushions of delight that the   twenty-three-year-old's were. And the morally impeccable Lucy could never act the whore the way the  younger woman was doing with such effortless enthusiasm.

                She was a woman born for the sexual imagination of men; Lucy had been born for their  comfort.

                "Oh, God,Dan! Shove that big cock of yours into my pussy! Do it! Do it to me, baby! Screw   mccc!"

               The blonde clung desperately to her lover's shoulders and shimmied her pussy up to meet the   lusty thrusts of his hard-driving cock. She tossed her hair from side to side as she raised her head off the  ground, as if struggling to climb inside the man, to' weld herself to him, to be a part of his force and   passion.

               Again Luke could not help envying his son, the struggle he was enjoying, to tame the frantic   woman whose cunt was sucking his cock with such tireless glee. He figured her cunt must be slippery  as an ice-rink by now. What great times a man could have trying to keep his cock's hold on such hot   delicious territory!

               While Sue whinnied and moaned her incoherent appreciation of Dan's pummeling technique,   the young salesman grunted and slaved aver his eager lover, until the sweat gleamed on his back and  his skin began to turn red from the sun. Luke grinned to himself as he thought it might serve his boy right if he got himself an ass-burn for his trouble this   afternoon. Luke could not rightly make any complaint about their depravity, because he was enjoying  himself-too much, but they sure weren't showing any respect for Dan's mother by turning her poolside   into a stage for an orgy. A part of Luke wanted to concede totally that what Sue and Dan were doing was  good healthy fun, but another, more resentful part wanted to see them suffer just a little.

                The only suffering Sue was doing was lying there, enthusiastically taking the blunt-tipped   intrusion of Dan's cock. There was no hope that Luke might see justice done in that quarter. There was  nothing on tap for Sue but pleasure and more cunt-fluttering pleasure.

                "Aaaagghhh! Oh, yessss! Keep doing it like that! Pleeeeeze!"

               Luke watched her fingernails digging red welts in Dan's back. His boy was doing all the   suffering, all right-sunburn, and now scratches to go with it. But Dan was a brave lad. He just kept  stuffing the feverish woman's twat full of hard cock. And she kept trying to climb him like a baby koala   trying to negotiate her first tree-all grab and no tact.

               But the raunchy hypnotizing pace could not continue forever. Luke hated to see the end in   sight. He had never enjoyed even a porno movie half as much as he was enjoying watching two good- looking young people fucking each other in his back yard. It had almost lost significance for him, that the   wanton performers were his own son and his girlfriend-they had become just two sexy people enjoying  their sexuality. They were keeping Luke's cock hard. But he was not trying to imagine himself making it   with Sue any more. He was strictly a voyeur now, not a dream participant.

               When Dan came, the jerk of his hips was hard and convulsive. He clung to Sue as if she were   his only lifeline.

                "Jeez . . . oh shit, it's good!"

               The blonde provided an eerie background of ecstasy as she too gave in to orgasm.

                "Eeeee! Oh, God, I'm cumming again, Danny! I'm cummming!"

               They were frozen together like an erotic statue, while her pussy absorbed the load of his hot   cum. The man in the garage still knelt there, watching them, beads of sweat standing out on his brow. He  was reluctant to leave, but he knew he had to retreat and make a noisier entrance, so the kids could get   themselves decent.

               Though at the moment, he was enjoying them a lot more indecent. CHAPTER FIVE


               When Lucy arrived home from her meeting, she found the house just as quiet as it had been   when her husband had arrived. Luke's pickup in the driveway told her there had to be someone about.  The natural place to look was the garage. Her big husband had been a master carpenter before he set up   his construction business. He still spent many hours engrossed in projects in his workshop, that took up   half of the double garage.

               When Luke saw her enter, he pushed aside what he had been working on and greeted her brightly. Lucy asked no questions about what he was   doing-when he did not volunteer the information, it usually meant he was making her a surprise. She did  not like to spoil his- surprises, even though she already knew this one would be a hand-carved jewelry   box.

               "Hello, Luke, darling." She expected the usual warm kiss on the cheek. Instead, she got a long   torrid kiss, full on the mouth as Luke swept her into his arms.

                Lucy had almost come to the conclusion that their marriage had slipped into quiet middle age.  She had almost stopped hoping for passion. Luke took her breath away. When his lips finally left hers, all   she could do was stare at him with what she knew had to be a silly grin on her face.

               "Luke?" she said at last. "Luke?"

                "Well, don't act so galdarned surprised, woman. It's not as if you don't know you turn me on!,,

               She smiled and blushed. Her husband's compliment filled her with pleasure, a kind softer and   sweeter than the kind his kiss had imparted. "I know, Luke. It's just that we . . -

               "I know, we're always too busy or too tired or something. It's a goddamned shame, woman.   You're my girl . . . and I want to enjoy a lot more of you than I've been doing!"

               Again Luke had her in his arms and was strug- gling to kiss her . . . struggling, because this time she was resisting.

                "The kids, Luke! Who knows when they might pop in here, looking for us!"

               "Dick's got school government tonight. Sue and Dan have already gone out. He wanted to   show her some of his old haunts. It's just you and me, beautiful!"

               Reluctantly, Lucy gave in to her husband's passion. She was not used to such spontaneous   displays of emotion. It made her nervous to be necking in the garage. It was too public. Anyone could   walk in-a neighbor

               But the power of her husband's kiss hilled Lucy into a sense of security accompanied by a   strong urge to let herself be led where Luke so obviously wanted to take her. Sex had been a small part  of Lucy's life lately-too small. She could not pass up an opportunity to make up for some lost time.

                Without further ceremony, Luke pulled up his wife's skirt and shoved his hand into her  panties. Lucy kept herself in good shape. Even at the age of forty-six, she did not need to wear a girdle.   So there was no rubbery barrier to keep Luke from the object of his cock's growing desire. As his hand  slipped into the crack of her pussy, he discovered the bud of her clitoris guarding the way. The little   nubbin was already bard and engorged with blood. A loud sigh of pleasure escaped his wife's lips as he  ran his fingertip around her pleasure-button.

               "Mmm . . . your cut's hard, Lucy. Guess it must be that I still turn you on, too!"

                "Oh, yes, Luke! Yes, you do! Oh, darling!"

               She relaxed her head back against his arm as his hand probed deeper into her cunt. Her hair   was already starting to fall out of its neat chignon. Lucy shook the long gray-blonde locks back from her  face and groaned. It was so depraved to be letting her husband play with her cunt out here in the garage.   But the very depravity of the situation was turning her on. It had been a long time since Lucy had felt so   turned on, so wanton, so hungry for fucking.

               "God, baby, I've been thinking about you all day! I've been thinking about this sweet hot pussy   of yours and how I ought to be doing better by it. My cock's hard as a rock, just thinking about stuffing it  into your cunt. Feel it, Lucy! What do you think of that?"

                He guided her hand to the bulge in the front of his pants. Even through the material, her hand  on his cock made him shudder with excitement. He didn't know what he'd been thinking about, letting   Lucy's pussy go unused because he'd gotten some notion that the passion was over between them.

               Her cunt was now wet as a schoolgirl's. Her soft moans of encouragement made his cock   pulse at the thought of fucking her. "Oh Luke! It is hard! Mmmm! Feels good!" Feeling naughty and loving  it, Lucy began to unzip her husband's fly. Awkwardly, she pulled out the stiff shaft of his cock. It felt hot and unyielding in her hand. "Ooohh..    Luke!" She began to work her fingers back and forth along his cock. His grunts of pleasure egged her  on.

                Lucy felt wonderful. It was like being kids again, with his hand stuffed in her panties and her  hand jacking off his iron-hard cock. Her pussy throbbed with desire for her big husband. Luke's new   burst of passion had fired her own. It no longer seemed to matter that they were vulnerable, out here in   the garage. She wanted her husband to fuck her-now!

		"Luke . . . Luke, can we do it?"

                Her feminine plea contrasted sharply with Luke's memory of how Sue had begged Dan to fuck  her. He felt an intense surge of love for Lucy, for being just a touch of a virgin, even after thirty years of   marriage. She still made him feel like she needed him to protect her. Her sensual dependency made his  cock throb for her.

                "You bet we can do it, beautiful! If we don't do it, this hard cock of mine is probably going to  bust right open from wanting to!"

                He stuffed a finger deep up into her clinging Clint and wiggled it. Her moans grew louder, more  urgent. He scanned the room for a good place to fuck. A place that wasn't already taken up by tools,   sawdust and nails.

               Luke's Lincoln was parked in the other side of the garage, and looking at it gave Luke an idea.   It was going to be a first for them. His cock jerked at the thought of it. Picking his wife up, he carried her   over to the car. Apparently, Lucy had been expecting to fuck her inside the car, for she looked back at  him in surprise when he bent her over the hood and pulled up her skirt.

                "Luke?"

               "I want to screw you from behind, Lucy! It's going to be good, baby!"

                There was no doubt that Lucy liked the idea. She moaned submissively and helped Luke   wiggle her out of her panties. Without his forcing her, she bent over the car and waved her ass at him.

               "Oh, Luke . . . do it! Do it to meeee!"

                The sight of his wife's round ass-cheeks waving him on had the same effect on Luke that a red  flag has on a bull. He guided the bloated tip of his cock between her shapely buttocks and poked at the   wet slit of her pussy. His stiff cock slid deep up into Lucy's wet hot cunt.

               "Uh, baby!"

                It was what Luke had been dying for, ever since he had watched Dan fucking Sue. For a  minute, he thought he was going to have to cum right then. But he got hold of himself and began to drive   his cock into Lucy's cunt in long even strokes.

               The graying housewife felt like she was being born again. Her whole body vibrated with   pleasure as Luke's cock worked its steady pace in and out of her trembling pussy. She felt so depraved,  bent over her husband's car like some loose woman, wagging her ass at him, begging him to impale her on   his cock. She was shaking so hard with excitement that she was sure she would have fallen to her knees  if she had not had the car to hold her up.

                "It's good, Luke! Oh . . . it's sooo gooood!"

               The big contractor thought his wife had never looked or sounded more beautiful. He had been   so ready for her when she got home tonight. Everything had worked out exactly right; both of them were   feeling like kids again. He could sense Lucy was right in the same space he was. It had been a long time  since she had done anything so provocative as asking him to fuck her. Her taut ass-cheeks were moving   with feverish enthusiasm-the movements of a woman who felt a cum-need sizzling inside her.

               He clutched her ripe flesh and kneaded it with his fingers while his juice-gleaming cock glided   in and out of her pussy. She clenched her cuntmuscles around his cock. The sensation made his balls  ache with pleasure. Each time he shoved his cock into her cunt, Luke asked himself how he could ever   have thought fucking Lucy was getting boring. She was a beautiful woman-a sexy woman. And she had  great control of her cuntmuscles!

                "1 love screwing you, Lucy baby! You're so goddamned beautiful!"

               The compliment did something to the woman. She began to writhe and moan even more frantically than before. She was submerged in the heated   atmosphere of sexual excitement. Her husband loved her! He wanted her! He thought she was beautiful  and sexy! Those were great things to know-enough to make a firebrand out of a subdued, modest,   controlled woman like Lucy.

               "Oh Luke . . . I love screwing you, too! You have such a wonderful cock! It fills me up so nice!"

                If he had not been so wrapped up in the sensory experience, Luke would have stopped dead   in his tracks. He had never heard such raunchy comments from his wife's lips. He was beginning to  understand the extent of his wife's arousal. She had been a long time without satisfying, intense sex. Her   body was trembling before him, trembling with need. Her cunt-muscles were clasping his cock with  sheer hunger. The built-up of passion had been enough to make Lucy break free of some of the bonds   that had held her all her adult life. She was free now to acknowledge in clear language that she loved to  fuck.

                Luke started to fuck his wife faster and deeper. He was beginning to appreciate the extent of  the goldmine he had just discovered. He had thought that he and Lucy had learned everything there was   to know about each other, sexually, long ago. Only now was he coming to realize how much more there  was to know, how much depth of experience they had almost allowed to escape them.

                "Oh, Lucy, never let me forget how much I love you! Will you promise me that, baby? You and  me have got a lot of learning to do about each other. And I'm going to take all my classes with my cock   buried tight up inside this beautiful wet cunt of yours!"

               "Oh, yes, Luke! Yes! Yes!"

                Tears started to flow down Lucy's cheeks. She felt a little embarrassed; this was not the time   for tears. Then she started to realize that maybe it was exactly the right time for tears. Right now-bent  over the family car with her husband's cock inside her cunt. Lucy was living through one of the   momentous occasions of her life. Her pussy spasmed around his cock. It was ready for all the schooling  Luke wanted to give her.

                "Oh, God, Luke, I'm cumming! You're making me cummm!"

               Watching her ass squirm and clench as she rode her climax through, Luke felt a raw lust seize   him and rip the cum right out of his balls. It was intense and good. It was headed straight for Lucy's  pussy.

                "I'm with you, beautiful! Get ready for the flood!"

		"Ooohhh, Luke!"

                When the rest of the household got home, Luke and Lucy had already retired for the evening.  They were up in their bedroom, learning about each other. Young Sue had not the slightest inkling that she had been responsible for a wanton family reunion. The   sight of her naked churning body had inspired the cock that was making Lucy the happiest woman in  town that evening. If she had known, Sue would have been very happy for Lucy. As it was, she was very   happy for herself, when Dan snuck into her room at about four o'clock that morning. CHAPTER SIX


               After only a few days, Sue and Lucy were already growing close as mother and daughter. Sue   liked the older woman's quiet competence. She wished she could apply some of Lucy's patience to her  own hectic thought processes. Whenever Lucy was at home, Sue was quick to inquire if there was   anything she could help with. She used the time they spent at chores together to learn more about the   pretty, older woman.

               She realized she was actually looking forward to becoming Lucy's daughter-in-law. Once or twice, she almost let Lucy in on the secret, but caught herself   just in time. One reason she did not want to tell Lucy was that she did not want to disappoint her new  friend. She knew Lucy would be thrilled, but Sue could still not fully accept the 'idea of getting married.   Just the way she had reacted to Dan's brother and father seemed to prove her immaturity. A married  woman had to be ready to abandon fantasies about other men, particularly her new relations.

                Not that she was not crazy about Dan; she was. And the sex they had managed to sneak in   under Dan's parents' roof, had been fantastic. But as the days went by, Sue grew more unnerved by the  pussy-tingles she experienced every time young Dick came into the room. When Luke appeared, she felt   another kind of excitement-that of encountering a man who saw her as a challenge. She knew Luke  admired her for her guts as well as her beauty. He had as much as told her so one night when she, Dan   and Luke had been drinking.

               Though Luke and Lucy were obviously a very close couple, Sue was sure that Luke felt the   same kind of unavoidable magnetism for her that she felt for him.

               Not good, she decided. Wrong place, wrong time, wrong connections. Otherwise, she might   have been interested-very interested, in fact. She was intrigued by Luke's mature virility. To her, he was the kind of mountain you want to climb just because it's there.

                Her interest in Dick was at the other end of the scale. Dick was so beautiful to look at and such  a vulnerable, open youth. She felt an almost overwhelming urge to mother him, to take him into her arms   and protect him, teach him. She tried her hand at mothering him a little-making him special breakfasts,  helping him with his English homework. But that was as far as she let her teaching instinct go. There   were things she would have liked to teach the boy that were not on any school curriculum, that were part   of the secret rites of the growing-up process.

               As Dick grew more comfortable with her, he let himself be natural with her. She found his   charm irresistible-all the more so because it reminded her of another boy and of a delightful episode that  had just happened one afternoon when she had known Dan for about a month. She had been   overflowing with the joy of her exploding sexuality then, and the boy had happened by at just the right  time...

                She and Dan had fucked the whole night through, but he had had to leave by eight to meet a  client interested in buying property for development. Sue had lain in bed reliving the events of the night   before-the way Dan had eaten her pussy while she sucked his cock, the way his incredibly hard cock  had pounded her cunt as if it would never stop, the way she had felt, like she was melting into infinity, by the time she had cum by the fifth or   the tenth or the fiftieth time.

               Her hand had slipped under the covers and found the nub of her cut. Her pussy-hair was   sticky with the cum that had trickled through it during the night, and wet with the cum that Dan had left in  her pussy only an hour before. She let herself sink into memories of the night as she ran her slick   fingertip around and around the tip of her clitoris.

                "Mmmmm. . . " The sound of her lust' distorted voice heightened the erotic spell. She knew it  would be easy to cum again.

                The knock on the front door of her apartment was soft enough that at first she was not sure if  she had really heard it. But her caller was persistent and the knock came again and, after a pause, a third   time. Sue was tempted to ignore it, but when it became clear that the interruption was not going to  disappear, she rose groggily from her bed and wrapped a kimono around herself.

                She peered through her peephole and saw •a young handsome face she had never seen  before. Cautiously she opened the door.

                "Yes?"

               "Miss Newton? I'm from Brady's Plumbing. They sent me over to fixyour sink."

                "Oh. Yes. Come in.

               Sue had totally forgotten the slow drip in the kitchen sink that her landlord had promised to   get fixed before the week was out. She pulled her robe more tightly around her as the boy came in. He was   giving her an attentive once-over that made her regret her unkempt state. She felt vulnerable, with Dan's  cum running down the insides of her thighs, her blonde hair tangled in the wild rat's nest that only a wild   night of fucking can create.

               When she realized the boy was not looking at her critically-only admiringly-she relaxed a little.   After all, she was entitled to look any way she wanted in her own apartment at nine o'clock on a Saturday   morning. She had no reason to worry what the boy might think of her. She found herself even enjoying  his admiring glances.

                "Uh, it's in the kitchen . . . the problem, I mean . . . " she stammered.

               In her vulnerable state, Sue found herself growing rattled by the blatant awe in the boy's eyes   as he surveyed her cleavage. Despite her clear intention to get the boy down to his job so he could get  going, she did not move. She just stood there, staring at his handsome fair face that had obviously never   yet been visited by a razor. His hair was short and curly, as if he'd had a permanent. His eyelashes were  long and dark around his enormous hazel eyes. He looked more like a girl, really, than a boy-except for   his huge cock.

               Sue had no idea how her eyes found their way down to his crotch, but what they found there   surprised her. There was nothing girlish about the ominous bulge that was straining against the front of the youth's trousers. Sue felt a hot throb of desire   attack her pussy. A couple of moments before, she had been fingering herself toward orgasm. Now  suddenly here she was, faced with this handsome boy, who was obviously attracted to her.

                She reached for the boy's hand and led him to the couch. She sat down very close to him; she  could feel him trembling next to her.

                She had fucked no one but Dan for the past month. She had not wanted anyone else; it had   been so good with him. But this boy was a special treat that had just appeared out of nowhere. She  would probably never see him again, and the idea of just once exploring his boyish cock was incredibly   appealing. He was a strong boy, and a shy one. He stared straight ahead and twiddled his thumbs while  she inspected him.

                "What's your name?"

               "Frank, ma'am. Frank Brady." He had a large Adam's apple that quivered in his throat when he   swallowed hard. He turned to look at the woman. The raw desire on her face held him like a magnet. It  was the strangest thing-he had just walked into this apartment, and this amazingly beautiful woman was   looking at him as if he were the greatest thing since Paul Newman!

               Then she was not just looking at him; she was kissing him. While her tongue dove hungrily   into his mouth, she reached for his groin and grabbed the swollen shaft of his cock. She groaned with   pleasure as the boy groaned, too-with shock, with pleasure, with eager disbelief.

               It was a thrilling moment for the aroused Sue when the boy timidly stuck out his own tongue   and started to do erotic battle with hers. Her cumdrenched pussy throbbed with molten desire. His lips  were just as soft and sensual as she had expected them to be. His tongue became unexpectedly bold.   He reached deep into her mouth. Then he reached inside her kimono and squeezed her tit. Sue's pussy   spasmed.

               "Uuuuhhh!" she moaned into his mouth. It felt as if he had come right then and there! She   wasn't sure what was happening to her; she was sure only that she wanted to take this beautiful boy to  bed with her-to the bed where she had been flailing all night in abandoned flicking with her new   boyfriend.

               It didn't even seem like it would be cheating on Dan to fuck this boy. It wasn't as if she had   planned it. He had just appeared-a gift from heaven, just one little cookie from the cookie jar!

               Once the boy had felt the smooth soft flesh of her fit, things started to move fast, just fast   enough to satisfy Sue's building desire. He fondled first one ripe tit and then the other-awkwardly,  inexpertly. The very clumsiness of his passion fired Sue's lust. It was obvious Frank was a newcomer to the charms of a woman's naked body. The thought of initiating him into the joys of fucking satisfied   some deep instinct in her soul.

               She would show the boy things this Saturday morning that he would not forget for the rest of   his life!

               "You're beautiful, Frank, darling! Do you know that? Incredibly beautiful!"

                She just managed to get the words out before their mouths again became welded together.   This time, it was Frank who took the initiative. The plumber's apprentice was learning fast.

               Sue's fingers worked deftly on the fly of Frank's pants. She pulled out his cock-shaft and   began to stroke it lightly. His cock felt smooth and amazingly hard in her hand. A drop of moisture leaked  from his piss-slit and coated her hand. Sue's cunt trembled. What a good hard cock! she exulted. It would   be a pleasure to teach the boy what. ~he needed to know. What a pleasure!

               Eager to start him off right, Sue slipped down to the rug between the boy's legs. She held her   lips just a couple of inches from his cock-head and smiled up at him. She made a wanton sight, she  knew. Her tits had tumbled out from the front of her robe. It was open enough to reveal the hairy vee of   her pussy. The boy stared at one strategic spot after another. His hips jerked slightly in response to the  light touch of her hand on his cock.

                "Have you ever made love to a woman before, Frank?"

                She thought she already knew the answer, but she wanted to hear him say it. She wanted to  know for sure.

                "No . . no, ma'am . . Miss Newton

               He would be her first virgin!

                Impatient to sample the taste of his virgin cock, she bent her head and opened her mouth. She   sucked in the engorged shaft of his cock all the way to the base. Her lips clamped shut like the fleshy  gates of an erotic prison.

                "Uuuuhhh...uh,ma'am...

               The sound of his surprised pleasure egged Sue on in her lusty purpose. With her lips molded   tightly to his sturdy cock, she began to move her head up and down. At the top of each stroke, her  tongue prodded his glans and she milked herself another drop of pre-cum. The taste of his tangy   love-juice made her feel lightheaded with obscene elation. His cock tasted so good.

               Sucking his hard cock was so much more thrilling than just lying in bed playing with herself.   What she was doing now was giving an unforgettable thrill both to herself and to the boy. It was so  satisfying to be able to pluck such an appealing young creature for her own pleasure, just because he   was there.

               "Mmmmm . . . oh, Frank, darling . . . it feels so good to give you pleasure like this . . . to kneel in   front of you like this and suck your big cock!"

               She was getting off on the thought of what she must look like, kneeling on the rug half-naked,   sucking off a wide-eyed innocent who had his arms braced against the couch cushions.

               The longer she sucked the boy's swollen cock, the more insistently Sue's cunt pulsated for   attention. She had been close to cumming when the knock came at the door. Her cunt wanted its  satisfaction.

                Sue had never been so totally in control of an erotic situation. She realized she could do   anything she wanted with the boy, and he would probably love it. There was no reason why she should  not get her pussy the thrills it needed at the same time as she gave the boy the first fuck of his young life.

                Feeling more sexually reckless than she ever had in her life Sue got up and pushed the boy  back against the couch. She placed a knee on either side of him and held the swaying, saliva-gleaming   shaft of his cock upright-a target for her needy cunt.

               The boy looked up at her helplessly. His eyes were clouded over with raw desire. He was•   letting the woman guide his sexual initiation for him. He could only sit there and let it happen. The whole  thing was so unbelievable, even now only the hot throbbing in his cock told him it was true. And his stiff   cock had lied to him before, in the thousand fantasies he had entertained since age twelve!

		"Don't worry, darling! It'll be good! So good!" "I know... it already is good! Not good! Great! I've never felt like this before, Miss Newton.~~                  He closed his eyes and groaned as he felt her hot pussy-walls begin to clutch his cock-head.  She sat down on him slowly, making him feel every heated centimeter of her wet welcoming cunt. By the   time he was up to the short hairs in cunt, his cock was pounding like a crazed heartbeat. He was terrified  he might cum just from the sheer thrill of having his cock inside his first cunt. Yet, at the same time, he   couldn't do anything about it. The thought of spilling his hot load into the beautiful older woman's cunt   was so appealing, so hypnotizing.

               Sue could tell he would not last long. His aroused expression made her cunt pulsate hotly   around his cock. She didn't care how long it lasted, any more cock would never again be the same. It had  known pussy now. She had made her mark where no cunt had ever strayed.

                "God, your cock feels good in my cunt!"

               Her lewd language excited her as she started to work her pussy up and down over the boy's   cock. Dan, last night and that morning, had prepped her for the pleasure she was experiencing now. All  her defenses had been battered down by her boyfriend's hard-pummeling cock. She was wide open to   the virginal presence of the plumber's cock. Every move she made over him made her twitch with  pleasure. Sue could feel herself a cock's stroke away from orgasm. The boy's stiff impaling cock was going to make her cum!

                "Uh. . . uh, God, Miss Newton!"

               As she raised and lowered herself over him, he started to thrust his cock up into her wet   cunt-hole. He didn't know where the energy came from. He was moving more from instinct than from  purpose. It was just happening; their erotic moment was carrying him along.

                Feeling him grabbing her hips and thrusting his hard cock into her pussy filled Sue with a   reckless glee. She started to sit on him harder and harder. She squealed each time his cock split apart  the taut entrance to her cunt. She sighed with raunchy satisfaction each time she felt his cock inside her   to the hilt.

               "Oh, Frank . . . oh, Frank, . . you're soooo goddamned good in meee!"

                Suddenly, she was wailing and squirming like a woman gone mad. She was cumming on the  thick shaft of the ex-virgin's cock!

                "Holy shit!" the boy exclaimed.

               Overcome by the thrill of making the beautiful stranger cum, he let go the hot wad of his cum.   He trembled as in long spurt after spurt he filled the blonde full of his first cum into real-live cunt.

               They clung to each other like kittens in a snowstorm, reliving the sudden explosive moments   of their fuck. Sue snoozed for a while on the boy's lap, content to feel his cock growing limp inside her  sated cunt.

               "God, Miss Newton!" the boy exclaimed at last. He was more dynamic than Sue had seen him   since his arrival. Her cunt throbbed to see the change she had wrought. "I sure am glad I became a  plumber! I wouldn't have missed this job for the world!"

                Sue grinned. "The sink, Frank. The job is the sink in the kitchen. This is for pure pleasure, the  greatest part of anything anybody ever does                  Sue was drying dishes in the Walker kitchen as she relived the wanton episode with young   Frank. Lucy had left her alone while she went out to check on her laundry. As she recalled the thrilling  joy of her daring on that Saturday morning three months before, her cunt throbbed eagerly. She had   never seen Frank again. She hadn't needed to. It had been a once-in-a-lifetime thing, but she  remembered him from time to time-remembered the taste and feel of his sweet young cock.  "Hi, Sue. How's it going?" The blonde jumped and turned around, startled.  She found herself face to face with Dan's younger brother. The shock of being interrupted from her lewd  memories brought a blush to her face. She cursed herself for her lack of control as she saw Dick, too,   start to blush. She thought she knew why he was blushing-probably, he thought she was embarrassed  by being taken by surprise by someone she was attracted to.  And, damnit! He was right. So right. Quickly, she got a hold of herself. But it didn't work for either of them. Dick picked up a dish towel and started to help her with the remaining dishes. As   they worked, they bumped into each other accidentally three times. Each time it happened, they both  blushed and muttered "sorry". But the clumsy contact had both their nerveendings trembling like   summer lightning in a dark sky.

               They were getting close, dangerously close to the place where they were most vulnerable. CHAPTER SEVEN


               Sue had no idea what it really was that made young Dick nervous in her presence. The boy   couldn't forget the night he had watched the blonde and his older brother making wanton love in the  kitchen. He couldn't forget the hot longing the sexy Sue had inspired in his young cock. Ever since that   night, it had been agony for the boy to keep from getting a hard-on whenever he was near her. Many   times, he did not succeed, and he was forced to take great pains to make sure no one noticed his stiff cock.

                The boy always listened raptly to everything Sue told him. When she helped him with his  English homework, he watched her as if every word that spilled from her lips was a jewel of   mind-quenching wisdom. Sue would have had even more trouble than she did, keeping her mind off the  boy's vulnerable appeal, if she had known what was really on his mind at those times.

                He was thinking how wonderful it would be to feel those expressive lips wrapped around his   hungering cock!

               After more than a week at her boyfriend's family home, Sue was feeling the strain of constantly   fighting to keep herself on guard. The unnatural feelings that assaulted her over and over again- when  she faced her prospective brother-in-law and father-in-law-seemed to stem from sources she had no   control over. Her intense sexual relationship with Dan had honed her body to such a peak of arousal that  she was easy prey for fuck-lust as compelling as those she felt for Luke and Dick. She even thought that   the fact that they were Dan's relatives had something to do with it. She got a perverse thrill from the  thought of exploring the sexual energy of the other Walker men.

                Dan had been talking about possibly moving back to his home town to open his brokerage.  He had gone to a Chamber of Commerce meeting with Luke.

               Sue had been invited to go along, but she had politely declined. With Lucy at her interior   decorating class and Dick at a school basketball game, the blonde was going to have her first chance,  since she had arrived, to be completely alone. She felt she needed the opportunity to air out the tensions   of her confused brain.

               The best way to give herself some relief from her unsatisfied frustrations seemed to be to have   a couple of drinks. She fixed herself a Manhattan. The first was quickly followed by a second, and then a   third. With a nice glow on, none of the anxieties that had been plaguing the blonde seemed so important  any more. She thought she might want to take a nap when she was good and tipsy. But it turned out that,   once she got high, the hominess she had been trying to suppress, surged to the surface. Sue felt as  horny as a bitch in heat. And she wanted to so something about it.

                The thought of playing with her pussy-wantonly, brazenly, right in the Walker family's living  room-had a perverse attraction for the intoxicated blonde, in her drunken condition, she thought that   perhaps she could exorcise the demons that had been tempting her, by submitting to her lust right on  the couch. She would stroke her cut until it exploded into orgasm. She would wail out her ecstasy. Then   she would stagger to her room and sleep. In the morning, she would wake up cured of' her ill-placed  desires.

               It seemed like a good enough plan to a woman who'd had one too many, and who really   wanted nothing more than a good reason to rub her cunt to forgetful explosion.

               Sue stretched out on her belly on the couch and slipped her hand under her dress. Her fingers   invaded the crotch of her panties and she discovered her cunt was already hot and wet with smoldering  desire.

                "Mmmmmm... "she moaned, reveling in the delicious thought that there was no one there to   see her, that she was free to play as if there were.

               Her fingertip moved back and forth between the blood-engorged tip of her clitoris and the   spongy yielding opening to her cunt. She liked to lay a finger along either side of her cut and vibrate it.  When she started to get good and hot, she churned her buttocks in saucy abandon, grinding her cut   down against the couch cushions. Her pace increased, and what meager remnants remained of Sue's  self-control were cast aside without regret.

                Trembling at her boldness, she pulled up her dress and pulled down her panties to her thighs.  It excited her to feel the cool air of the room teasing the bare cheeks of her ass. She wondered what a   man would think if he could see her now-lying on her belly, teasing herself toward orgasm. What would  Luke think, or Dick? The depraved questions made her grind her cunt harder against the couch.

               Drink and lust had made a seething pleasure-pit of Sue's brain. It took a while to register on   her that there was someone standing next to the couch. Someone in bluejeans. For a moment, she  experienced absolute terror. A prowler had gotten in! What would he do to her? She looked up fearfully, a   hand still protectively grasping her pussy.

               It was Dick! Dick, the shy handsome boy she had been trying so unsuccessfuLly to keep out   of her dreams!

                ''Dick.. .... you're... home early...''

               She tried not to slur her words, but even to her own ears, her words were a dead giveaway of   her condition. She struggled up to a sitting position, pulling her skirt down over her thighs. Her ass was  still bare against the couch. The feeling made her cunt quiver. She was afraid to look the boy in the face   again. She waited for him to say something. When nothing happened, she looked up timidly.

               On Dick's face, she saw the same helpless arousal she had seen in the eyes of the plumber   boy, Frank, so many months before. Her cunt made the same throbbing response to Dick's befuddled  lust as it had to Frank's. Her defense mechanisms were not there to make her retreat from the raw danger   of the situation. She could not make herself feel anything but excitement in the face of the undisguised  need of her boyfriend's brother!

                "Dick?"
               The man was struggling with a raging torrent of thoughts and feelings. What an amazing sexy   woman Sue was! First he had seen her sucking off his brother. Now he had caught her playing with  herself in the living room. Though she was sitting up and she had pulled her dress down, he could not   forget that she had not pulled her panties up. Her shapely round ass was still bare under her dress. His  whole body shook at the thought of it.

                More than anything, Dick wanted to make the leap into manhood. He wanted to throw the   woman down and give her the fucking she so obviously needed. Otherwise, why would she have to jack  off? But he could not forget that he had never even felt up a woman before. He was terrified he would   blow his big chance; he would disappoint her. If anything like that happened, he could never face him  again.

                Dick needed help, but he did not know how to ask for it.

               ''I... Sue."

                It was Dick's luck that Sue was old enough to know what she wanted and drunk enough to do  something about it. The boy radiated hominess. The sensation of his fuck-need trying to reach out to her   own made Sue weak with hunger for him. It had been so sweet with that boy, Frank. How much sweeter it  could be with a handsome boy she had developed a crush on-a boy who, she knew, idolized her.

               Sue reached out a trembling hand to the front of the boy's trousers and pulled him closer to   her. Haste made her clumsy, but she managed to work down Dick's fly and pull out the swollen shaft of  his cock. As her fingers explored its turgid girth, she looked up at the handsome youth who was her   boyfriend's baby brother. He was staring at her with a mixture of fear and excitement in his wide blue  eyes. It almost looked as if he were trying to back away from the pleasure her hand was dealing his cock.   Sue knew he was fighting to keep from giving her a wet handful of cum. The thought made her bare cunt   throb under her dress.

               She stared at the tip of his cock as though she were hypnotized by its steel-hard resilience.

                "Dick . . . I know you've been fighting it, just like 1 have, but I don't think we should fight it any  more. Just this once, let's find out what it is we've been frightened of. I want to taste this beautiful cock of   yours . . . just once.''

               Only now that her tongue was reaching for his cock, did Dick realize the blonde was pretty   drunk. Somehow the knowledge made him even hornier for her. It made him a little less afraid of her. The  thought that she was tipsy made her seem less awesome, somehow. He stared in fascination, ready to   record the very first time any woman took his cock into her mouth!

               A hundred times of imagining what it would be like to have Sue's mouth on his cock had not been adequate preparation for the real thing. He could never have imagined anything so soft, so sexy, so   incredibly rousing!

               "Aaahhhh. . . God!"

                He felt a weakness in his knees, and he was afraid he was going to either collapse or cum. He  did neither; he reached for her blonde head and braced himself while she closed her lips around his   cock-tip and slid them down, until his whole stiff cock was base-deep in her hot, loving mouth!

                "Uuuuhhh, Christ . . oh, God, I never thought it would be so good!"

               He had his eyes shut tight, his head thrown back. After a lifetime of feeling like he was playing   second-string to his big, confident older brother, Dick at last felt second to no one. He had never  experienced the sense of power that came to him with the thrilling caress of Sue's mouth wrapped   around his cock. Dick was beginning to understand what it mean to be a man-what it meant to command  the affection of woman.

                It seemed unbelievable to the boy that a beautiful woman like Sue would do such a thing for  him. She was actually starting to move her mouth back and forth along his cock-shaft. Soft bleating   moans were bubbling from the back of her throat, telling him how much she was enjoying her sexual  slavery. At last, he opened his eyes to watch her pink lips moving along his glistening cock. He found   she was looking up at him. Her eyes were cloudy with passion, but he could tell she was trying to smile at him. He tried to smile back, but his smile   crumbled into a grunting grimace of lust.

               Watching the undisguised arousal in the boy's face made Sue want to do everything she   could to make these moments unforgettable for him. While her lips nibbled his steel-hard cock-shaft, her  tongue darted out to stab the rubbery flesh, to assault him when and where he was least expecting  it.             She loved to hear his surprised moans of delight. It made her moan, too, just to hear him, and   to feel his cock throb between her lips. She could feel her pussy getting wetter under her dress, inspired  by the raunchy cocksucking she was performing on her boyfriend's brother.

                She felt Dick grabbing a tighter hold in her hair as he struggled to keep himself on his feet. The  thought of the hot load he was fighting back made her shiver with urgent passion. She wanted to feel   him filling her mouth with thick cum. She wanted to enslave herself to him totally-to swallow down every  last drop of his potent young cum!

                For a moment, her mouth abandoned Dick's cock and she gazed up at him wantonly.

               "Oh, Dick, darling! It turns me on so much to suck your cock like this! I've been wanting to for   so long! I knew I shouldn't... but... you're so exciting!"

               Her mouth went back to his cock. Her tongue stabbed his cock-head and swooped up a thick drop of fluid. She groaned and slid her lips back down to the base of his cock. The bobbing rhythm went   on. She worked faster now, declaring the extent of her arousal and made Sue even more urgent in her  lust.

                It was better than any dream the sixteen-year-old had ever dreamed. The woman who had so  unnerved him, right from the first moment he saw her, had just told him he had had the same effect on   her! Nothing anybody had ever said had ever done so much for the boy's self-confidence. He could not   help thinking that if a woman like Sue thought he was irresistible, then he could probably have just about  any woman he wanted! By the time Sue was through with him, he suspected he would probably know   just what to do with them, too!

               "Oh, suck my cock, Sue! It feels so good! Do it to me!"

                To command such a beautiful eager woman to suck his cock made his balls throb with  longing and his heart beat faster. What an incredible thing it was that was happening to him! Dick was   flying sky-high! He started to shove his cock into Sue's mouth in long impaling strokes. Watching her  gobble and choke to try to keep up with him only made him all the more reckless in his lust. He hardly   knew how it happened, but suddenly he was feeding the blonde a thick mouthful of cum!

               "Ah . . . God I'm cuming!"

                He held her face while she struggled to swallow down jet after jet of his exploding jism. The boy was so absorbed in the sensation shooting through him   that he had little chance to appreciate the eagerness with which the blonde sucked up his potent juices.  She moaned and sputtered and licked and nibbled, until she was absolutely sure she had everything he   had to give. Even then, she continued to suck lightly on his shrinking cockshaft. Although her cunt was  still hot with excitement, her belly had its satisfaction-a meal of heated cum!

                Dick was eager to try something else. He tried to coax Sue into going to his room with him so   he could get his first fuck. Tipsy as she still was, Sue was not going to be totally reckless. Lucy's class  was ending, she would be home soon. When she peeked into her sewing room, Sue wanted to be there,   sleeping peacefully, innocent as a lamb.

               "But Sue!" Dick started to protest.

                She stroked his cheek, then kissed him. "You know we both just stole something neither of us  is really entitled to. We can't be greedy, Dick. I'm awfully pleased with what just happened. Aren't you?"

                He beamed. "Sure. Oh, sure, I am!"

               Dick had gotten the message-for now. CHAPTER EIGHT


               Only with the sobering cold light of dawn did Sue face the hard truth of what she had done.

                She had sucked the cock of her boyfriend's younger brother, a youth years younger than she  was! She had encouraged Dick in the lust that she had been trying to deny ever since her arrival.

                Though her pussy pulsated in recollection of her lewd behavior, Sue could not avoid the fact   that she might have put her relationship with Dan in danger. If Dick could not be cool about what had happened between them-if he insisted on pushing for more-how would she deal with it? She had put   herself in an untenable position, just as she had known she would if she yielded to her forbidden lust. If it  had not been for the alcohol . . . but she knew she could not honestly blame the booze. She had done   exactly what she wanted to do.

               Though she expected the worst at the breakfast table, she was pleasantly surprised by the   way Dick handled the situation. He was no more nor less friendly than he normally was. He kissed his   mom good bye and went off to school with a minimum of fuss. By the time Dan came in and kissed her  on the back of the neck, Sue was starting to relax. Maybe it would be all right after all. Maybe Dick would   understand that last night had been a once-in-a-lifetime thing, the way Frank had understood three  months before.

                But Dick had seen too much of Paradise not to want to get back in. The first chance he got to  be alone with Sue, he demanded to know when he would be able to fuck her. Sue had never seen him so   confident, so forceful, so insistent. She knew her sexual initiation had done that for him, and realized it  was a mixed blessing.

                Good for him; trouble, for her and for the future of her relationship with his big brother.

               "It can't happen again, Dick." She saw his crestfallen look and hastened to reassure him. "It   was wonderful, Dick, and I'll never forget it. But I'm Dan's girl. It wasn't really right, what we did. We were really caring about each other when it   happened, but it wasn't fair to Dan!"

               She saw the anger flash in his penetrating blue eyes. "Fair to Dan! All my life, I've been   listening to everyone fussing about Dan. What about me? What about what's fair to me?"

               The anguish in his handsome young face wrenched Sue's heartstrings. His anger excited her,   too. It was the burst of energy of a young creature that has just discovered the extent of its new powers.   He was like a young stallion fighting for the mare that belonged to another. She could not help a  moment's wistfulness that it had to be this way. It would have been so thrilling to feel his sturdy young   cock inside her cunt. Despite all the fucking Dan gave her, she couldn't help longing for the boy's special  attractions.

                She couldn't help wanting another virgin!

               "Dick, please- Please, try to understand. I want to be fair to you, and to Dan, too. And to myself.   I couldn't handle trying to cope with both of you and trying to keep it all straight in my head."

               His face grew fierce, more so than she had ever seen it. She hadn't known he had such depth   of passion in him. He was a creature cornered now, ready to fight with all he had For what he thought  was rightfully his.

                "Well, you better, Sue. 'Cause I'll go right to Dan and tell him what happened if you don't!"
               The blonde was getting angry. What right did he have to try to blackmail her? Didn't he see   she was trying to do what was best for both of them?

               "What makes you think he'd believe you, if I denied it?"

                "Do you want to take that chance, Sue? Do you really want to take that chance?"

               She sighed and looked helplessly into his determined young face. "Dick, would you really do   that to me?"

                "I would, ~f I couldn't have you again. What happened between us was the most fantastic  thing in my whole life! You can't expect me to give it up, now,"

                Maybe she couldn't. "What do you want?" Her voice was low.

               "I'm going to come to your room tonight, about ~one or so. Make sure you're not down in the   kitchen getting some hot chocolate or anything."

               She watched his slender back retreat from the room. She was shocked. Surely he hadn't   watched her and Dan the night they had fucked in the kitchen! A low smile creased her mouth. Her cunt  throbbed. She was beginning to realize she might have underestimated the boy from the start. She had   only been thinking about what she wanted or didn't want. Dick had a right to be pissed. She was  impressed at the way he had handled himself. Her cunt longed for him, and the power of his dawning   manhood.
               When he came to her, she was awake and ready for him. Just thinking about his plan for the   night had made her pussy hot and wet. Her cunt was ready for the girth of his hard cock, pushing her  open. She realized he was right about what had to happen between them. She couldn't cut him off before   they had become total lovers. Just sucking his cock was not enough; she wanted to feel his cock in her  pussy.

                He wore a robe which he cast aside before crawling into bed with her. There was just enough   moonlight in the room for her to catch a glimpse of his stiff cock-shaft swaying between his thighs as he  crept up over her. Roughly, he pulled the covers off her. She was naked. He moaned with delight and   caressed her round upthrust tits. The awkward motions of his hands reminded her of his innocence and  of the fact that this was, in many ways, a much more momentous occasion for him than it was for her.   This would be the night when he crossed the bar into manhood. His cock would impale a hot wet cunt  for the first time!

                The thought of the special person she would always be for this boy, because of what she was  about to do, made Sue's pussy throb. She reached for his face and pulled his mouth down to hers. Her   tongue penetrated his. His tongue came out to meet hers.

               "Oh Dick," she murmured, grinding her cunt up against the hard staff of his cock. "You were right. You were right to make me do this. I want you, Dick. I want to feel your cock in my pussy."

                "Oh, Sue . . . "His voice broke.

               He was a struggling youth again, not the masterful man he had been that afternoon when he   had told her to be ready for the virgin filled her to overflowing. She reached for her tits and cupped them  in her hands.

                "Suck my titties for me, Dick! Just for a minute. It always makes me feel so good."

                Eager to oblige, the boy scrambled down to a position where his mouth could easily reach the  hardened nubs of Sue's nipples. He took one nipple into his mouth, the other into his hand. He sucked   one, rolled the other between his fingers. She started to moan and push her tits into his face. She  moaned louder.

                The pleasure-jolts from her tits soared right down to her naked cunt, bringing new gushes of  cunt-juice to her pussy. She could feel Dick's hardened cock grazing her thigh. She wanted that cock in   her cunt!

               "Feel my pussy, Dick! Pleeeezze! It needs to be touched!"

                As he continued to suck on the nurturing peak of her ripe tit, the boy extended a shaking hand  to Sue's cunt. The first thing he encountered was the wiry thatch of her cunt-hair. The sensation was   electric.

               This is it! Real live pussy!

                His long studies of girlie magazines told him all he had to do was  probe a little farther and his finger would be lost in a hot wet cunt. One last moment's fear held him back, then he made the plunge. His fingertip grazed  the hard slick nub of Sue's clit and slid right on down to the squishy slit of  her cunt.

                "Ooohhh...yesss, Dick, darling! My pussy needs it so bad! Touch  me! Play with me!"

                She started to grind her hips upward, nudging her clit into the  palm of Dick's hand. Each time she made a contact, she moaned again. The  thought of what she and the boy were working up to had her half-crazed  with passion. There was nothing he could do wrong-nothing that she did  not want from him!

                It was all good! Thrilling as it was to stroke a woman's cunt for the first time, Dick  too was preoccupied with the thought of what was in store for him. His cock  ached to make its maiden voyage up into the steamy portals of Sue  Newton's hot cunt. Her tits, her pussy, her greedy mouth-they were all  sensational. They were all erotic places he wanted to explore. But right now,  he was a man in a hurry. His cock wanted action!

                Sue sensed that Dick had made a decision, even before he  started to position himself over her trembling body. "Yes, Dick . . . yes, I  need it now, too! I want you to fuck me, darling.
                
                Her lewd encouragement was almost enough to make the boy  lose control right then. He had a hot panting beauty lying under him,  begging him to fuck her. It was as if nothing that had ever happened to him  in all his eighteen years meant a thing. His whole life, his whole  consciousness was condensed into this one room, into his refuge of sexual  delights!

                 He tried to sink his cock into her cunt by poking time after time at  the wet slit that she had parted her legs open to him. He started to get  discouraged, but Sue quickly reached down and grabbed his stiff cock,  guiding it into the hot clinging cunt-hole.

                "Jee-zuz . . . uuuhhh!"

                 The boy felt as if he were sinking into some incredible state of  half-consciousness. Her cunt was so hot. It fitted itself so snugly around his  tingling cock. He had never thought it could be so good-never. He could  hear the woman moaning somewhere at a great distance, but he could not  get through to her. He was in his own world.

                It was only after several ecstatic moments had passed that Dick  realized he had cum. At once the euphoria left him, and he was filled with a  numbing sense of failure.

                "Oh, Sue, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to cum!  Her voice was soothing, reassuring. "Don't worry, darling. It'll get  hard again in a minute. Just lie here and feel me. You'll be surprised what  will happen.

                 The fact that Sue didn't seem upset by what had happened  calmed the boy. Of course! How often after he had jacked off over a hot  magazine had he found himself five minutes later with another hardon? He  lay on her gently squirming body, caressing her smooth skin, feeling his  cock being snuggled in the heated depths of her cunt. He felt her squeeze  her pussy-muscles, and was shocked by the immediate effect on his limp  cock. His cock started to grow, and Dick's confidence with it. He was ready  for her, this time.

                His buttocks gave a jerk, and suddenly, he was in control. He  pulled his cock from her cunt until only the swollen head was still  embedded in clutching pussy-flesh. He quickly fucked into her again-drove  his cock into her cunt and wriggled it deep inside her. Though he didn't  know when or how it had happened, his fear had completely evaporated.  Suddenly, he knew exactly what to do. He was confident that he needed  only to follow the urges of his aroused body and the woman would be well  satisfied. Her contented moans and squirms were already telling him so.

                "Oooooohhh. Dick! Oh, God darling, your cock feels so good in  me! I love what you 'redoing! I love it!"

                She knew her words of praise were the best insurance that the  boy would give her the fuck of her life! Now he would be able to satisfy a  woman with his body as well as with his appealing good looks! "Screw me . . . yesss . . .  screw me like that!" He had such wonderful boyish energy! Even Dan at his best could not match it! Was that what she had been after all along,  when she first started reacting to Dick's youthful appeal? Was she trying to  grab hold of a few shreds of an innocent past that had never been hers?

                Though she had started fucking when she was fifteen, Sue's  boyfriends had always been several years older than she. Only now, at  twenty-three, was she enjoying the special talents of boys who have just  discovered the powers of their lusty young bodies-and who want only to  give and give!

                Dick was giving her everything he had. As she wrapped her legs  around his back to leave herself wide open to his pounding cock, she  noticed that his body was slippery with sweat. His breath was coming hot  and heavy next to her. Sue was feeling breathless, herself. His tireless  energy kept taking her higher and higher. She was flooded with pleasure.  She could feel her fluttering nerveendings steadily coming unglued, leaving  her free to float in the outer reaches of pleasure.

                "Ooooohhh . . . oh, I'm cumming! Dick, darling, I'm  cummmnlming!"

                It was more than he had even thought of hoping for. The  knowledge that her cunt was spasming around him stole some of the wind  that had kept him fucking her at such a furious pace. The excitement was getting to him.  He had made the beautiful Sue cum with his hard cock!

                "Oh, wow, Sue! I sure' do like fucking you! I never knew how  good it was! I just never knew!"

                She heard his sigh of surprise, and then she felt the hot  fuck-cream fill her again. She clung to him fiercely, loving him for all he had  done for her, for what a wonderful moment he had made for both of them.

                "You're some guy, Dick! You're terrific!"

                 He lay heavily on top of her, winded, exhausted, but more  pleased with himself than he had ever been before. He no longer cared that  his brother had been the high school sports' star that he could never be.  Being a star right here in this little room with the good-looking blonde with  the hot cunt was all the stardom that seemed necessary. Dick was content.  He was finally in touch with himself.

                He surprised himself when his cock got hard a third time, and  then a fourth time that night. He wondered if Sue might not be getting sore,  but she seemed to get higher, to cum more often, each time he fucked her.  No one had told him that about cunts. They don't wear out.

                 They just get hotter and wetter when they're in the hands of a  good cocksman!

CHAPTER NINE

                Much as she had enjoyed her night with Dick, Sue was not free of  the anxiety that had struck her after she had sucked the boy's cock. She  could not shake off the fact that it was just plain stupid to fool around with  the brother of a man who meant so much to her-especially in the very house  where they all were living.

                The next night, when Dan coaxed her to visit his room, Sue was  reminded of how important the big handsome man was to her. He was her  pillar of strength. It was his strong love and admiration, she knew, that gave her the  confidence to go out and do naughty things like suck the cock of the  plumber boy. It had been easy to get away with that one. Dan had never  even seen the boy. But one wrong move, one wrong comment, and her  cover could be blown.

                What would Dan think if he knew she had been fucking his kid  brother?

                She was sure he wouldn't like it. And, though she had never seen  Dan angry, she was pretty sure that underneath his more than two hundred  pounds of nice guy, there was a tiger 'when aroused. It would be bad  enough to lose Dan. Worse, if it happened in the flurry of a nasty, ugly  scene. Sue realized even she could not blame him if he roughed her up for  what she had done, it had been stupid, careless, inconsiderate.

                 But God, it had been exciting!

                Sue took an afternoon alone to go shopping, intending to pick up  some of the fashions that always came to the East first. But she couldn't get  interested in clothes, much as it usually delighted her to make plans for  looking good. The blonde was confused by what she had let happen to  herself. She was even a little frightened of herself. It was as it' she were  consciously trying to do something to lose her man. It was as if',  subconsciously, she wanted to shake off the awesome commitment Dan  had asked of her. If what she wanted was to not get married, she was certainly taking the coward's way out. Getting involved in  an affair with an eighteenyear-old was not the greatest way to decide what  she wanted to do about her fuck with that eighteen-year-old's brother.

                 There was a comfortable looking bar not far from the house  where Sue decided to take her problems. She would buy herself a couple of  drinks and do some hard thinking.

                 But it wasn't as easy as all that. All the time she was sitting in her  booth alone, Sue was having to fend off the approach of an admirer.

                 "No. Honest. I just want to sit here by myself," she said time and  time again.

                But no one seemed to believe her. At least, they never passed the  word along to the next guy.

                The bartender brought Sue her third rum and Coke, telling her it  was an offering from a man in a striped sportcoat sitting at the bar.

                "I don't think I should take that," she said. "It might give  somebody the wrong idea."

                "Hell no, lady. The guy's just enjoy having someone as pretty as  you to look at, that's all."

                 Sue grinned skeptically. She was flattered, but she was getting  tired of all the attention. It was almost with a sigh of relief that she saw a  familiar face approach her table. It was only when Luke sat down next to her  and she felt the familiar forbidden tingles that she thought maybe the cure  might be worse than the problem.

                "How you doing, beautiful? What you doing in here by yourself?  Glad to see you! I hate to drink alone. Bartender! A double scotch and  another of the same for the lady!"

                 "Oh, no, I don't think I should. I'm getting a little tipsy already, and  I should be getting back to my shopping."

                "Nonsense! You can go shopping any time. It's about time you  and I got to know each other better. After all, the way Dan looks at you, I got  my suspicions he intends to make you part of the family."

                 Sue nervously accepted another drink from the bartender. A  warning signal tried to tell her to stop the drinking. She had already had  ample proof of what could happen to her in a taunting situation when she  had too much booze in her. The last time she had gotten in this condition,  she had ended up sucking Dick's cock. Her pussy twinged at the thought of  the lustful night that had followed that first encounter with the handsome  boy.

                 She took a long mouthful of rum and Coke and pushed the  unnerving memory from her mind. It was replaced with the aroma of Luke's  aftershave. The kinds of feelings it was exciting in her belly were definitely  not appropriate to the occasion of a quiet drink with her intended  father-in-law.

                 "I'm really kind of glad you happened by, Luke," she found  herself saying. She felt an incredible urge to babble, to conceal from herself  thetwitching unrest that had her every nerve-ending on Red Alert. "I get the  idea it's not too usual around here for woman to come into a bar by herself.  Everyone in the joint was trying to sit down with me. I am not bragging, I  suppose it would have happened with any woman-but gee, it's annoying  when you just want to sit and think."

                Luke was admiring the animation in her pretty face when she  talked. He like the way her eyes sparkled, as it' she were so excited by the  sheer joy of living that she couldn't wait to express her elation. Ever since  he had watched the blonde cavorting in the back yard, fucking his son, he  had tried to put an end to the raunchy feelings that had taken hold of him  every time he sew her. He had not had much luck, but in rediscovering the  joys of his wife's attractive mature body, he had found an outlet for his  frustration.

                 It was not helping much at the moment, though, to know he could  go home and fuck his wife after if he wanted. His thoughts and senses were  full of Sue, of the gutsy way she tilted her chin up when she talked, of the  confidence she radiated that was pure female, of the delicious dip between  her tits revealed in the open scoop neck of her blouse.

                 "Yeah, these guys are a bunch of knucklehead.  They look at this  place as their home, and they figure any dame that comes in here is fair  game. They don't even know class when they see it." He gave Sue an admiring once-over that increased the nervousness in her cunt. She reached for her drink and finished it off.  Luke called for two more.

                Someone turned on some music and a few customers started to  dance. Sue had not noticed there were other women in the bar. She looked  at her watch and realized it had been three hours since she had come in. It  must be dark outside already. She ought to be getting back to Dan, to be  getting away from temptation.

                She cast a quick look at the handsome profile of the man sitting  next to her as he spoke to the bartender. He certainly was a strong-looking  man-like Dan, but with the extra years of maturity that made him something  of a mystery to the intoxicated twenty-three-year-old. When Luke turned to  her and asked her to dance, she said "yes" before she had had time to think  about it.

                 It had not been a wise move. Gliding around the floor in the older  man's masterful arms turned all Sue's defense mechanisms to dust. She  melted into his rhythm, enjoyed the pressure of his powerful body against  hers. It took some time to recognize the extra pressure against her belly. His  cock was hard, straining against the confinement of his pants.

                 The knowledge made her cunt throb with a powerful forbidden  hunger!

                 Luke, too, knew he was slipping into the clutches of temptation.  Like Sue, he was enjoying himself too much to do anything about it. He realized the blonde had to be able to feel his cock pressing against her  belly. Yet, she made no move to pull away from him. Instead, she was  clinging to him, easily following his lead. He looked down at her face, and  his cock jerked. He was beginning to suspect that what he thought was  impossible about his son's beautiful girlfriend might not -be so impossible  to realize after all.

                 He remembered the afternoon he had watched Sue being sucked  and fucked by Dan. He remembered that he had decided that Sue was her  own woman who determined her wants and needs, not by anyone else's  standards, but strictly by her own interests. Hard as he had tried to push  that tempting knowledge from his consciousness, it had stayed there to  haunt him. The new wand of sexual discovery he had been enjoying with  Lucy, there was always Sue there to remind him of his most secret desires.

                 And now Sue was here, in his arms, her belly pressed to his hard  cock.

                 Luke found that he could not let such an opportunity go by  unexplored. He decided to answer the yielding hunger of the girl's  nearness. If he didn't do it now, he would always wonder, he would always  curse himself for being an impotent coward.

                Lulled into a false sense of security by Luke's strong arms, Sue  forgot for a while the lustfuldanger she was in. She didn't pay much attention when Luke suggested it  was time for them to leave. She felt a brief disappointment-she had been  enjoying the dancing, but that was all. She had to admit Luke was right. She  should be getting back, just in case Dan was back from his meeting with his  old school buddy, and was waiting for her.

                She was straight enough to know that she was too drunk to  drive. Luke led her to the dark parking lot across the street, where he had  left his Lincoln. He let her in the passenger seat before going around to the  driver's side. Sue sat waiting for him, her defenses muted by alcohol and by  the joy she always felt when dancing. She was not expecting Luke to do  anything when he got in but start the car and drive them home.

                 But she did not resist him when he pulled her to him and kissed  her passionately on the mouth. His hand went underneath her skirt and into  her panties. He had his finger on her hardening cut before Sue even had  time to catch her breath. Luke was living up to the image Sue had formed of  him. He was taking charge of the situation-swiftly, and in no uncertain terms.

                The blonde was reverting to her wanton sensual state. Instead of  reminding herself of all the reasons why she shouldn't be doing it, she stuck  her tongue deep into Luke's mouth and humped her hungering cunt against  his probing hand. She hadn't realized when she was dancing how excitedshe was getting, but she realized now. She signed and ground her cunt  against Luke's hand.

                She was cumining!
                "Uuuuuuhhh ... oh, God! I'm cummmming!" Her words came out  muffled, in the midst of their heated kiss. But Luke did not miss a thing.  Startled and aroused by the wanton way the blonde had greeted his first  crude assault, he decided to press on for bigger game.

                Luke crouched down on the floor in front of her and pulled her  flimsy panties down to her ankles. He lifted one of her legs onto either  shoulder, while Sue sucked on her knuckles and mewled in wanton  abandon. He knew the blonde was pretty drunk, but a lot of her reaction was  pure primal depravity. She was trembling with excitement at the thought of  having her pussy eaten in the front seat of a car in a dark parking lot! The  bitch! Luke thought exultantly. But he admitted that he was just about as  aroused as she was.

                 It had been several days since he had watched his son grind his  mouth to the blonde's receptive cunt. But the image of her greedy  eagerness had never left him. His hands trembled as they held her soft  cunt-lips open. He bent his head and extended his tongue for the first taste  of the gorgeous twenty-three-year-Old 'S wide-open cunt!

                 "Aaaiiieeee! Oh, God!" she shrieked. She ground her open cunt  against her boyfriend's father's face.
                Even if there had been danger of discovery, Luke doubted he  would have had the willpower to pull himself away from the tangy-tasting  juices of Sue's cunt. He drove his tongue as far as it would go into the  steaming hole of her cunt. Her groans of ecstasy drove him on in his erotic  fury. He slid his tongue up to her cut and swirled it around and around the  blood-engorged nubbin. He slid it back down over her moist pussy, all the  way down to her puckered asshole. She grunted at the lewd pressure and  squirmed against it.

                 Luke felt his cock throbbing urgently inside his trousers. She was  everything he had dreamed of-and more. She was the wildest woman he  had ever encountered, with the sweetest-tasting cunt he had ever  tongue-stabbed to wet ecstasy.

                "Ah, beautiful, woman! Jee-zus! You turn me on!"

                 He got the mouthful of air he had come up for, then he dived back  into her hair-fringed cunt. She was waiting for him. She reached down and  grabbed hold of his hair. With a frenzied grip, she held his face against her  aroused pussy-slit while she ground her cunt against him, making sure he  did not miss one sensitive inch.

                 Sue's head lolled back against the carseat. Her face remained  strained in an anguished smile. Her eyes were closed so she could better  concentrate on the thrilling sensations darting from her cunt to her tits to  her brain and back down again. Her entire body was livid with pleasure. With drink to safely embalm her conscience,  Sue had nothing to do but lie back and enjoy the ecstasy the older man was  working so hard to bring her.

                 "Uh! Oh, yes. . . eat my pussy! God, it feels goooood!" In her  aroused state, the blonde could reflect on the depravity she had been  indulging in over the past few days and feel nothing but throbbing  excitement. She remembered sucking Dick's cock, then fucking the virginal  brother of her big handsome boyfriend. Now she was letting her boyfriend's  father eat her cunt to a state of lavahot passion! Just as she had sensed  from the beginning, all the Walker men were something special. Dan had  been the first to awaken her to the more intense pleasures of fucking. Now  she had branched out on her own, experimenting with Dan's baby brother  his father.

                 "Eat my cunt, lover!"

                Luke did as she demanded. He held her trembling thighs and  struggled against the iron grip of her hands in his hair. The throbbing in his  cock was intense. Soon, he knew, he was going to have to yield to its  longing to be buried in wet hot cunt, But he wanted just a few more licks of  her juice-seeping pussy.

                "Jeez, your cunt tastes good, woman!"

                 Every inch of Luke's skin was a tingle with the excitement that  Sue had inspired in him. His cock had never felt so hard. His bails had never  felt soheavy-laden with boiling cum.

                 He took one last tongue-swipe at her moist cunthole before  pulling his cock from his pants and guiding it to the wet waiting target of her  pussy. The blunt tip of his cock strained against her cunt entrance before  popping inside and surging all the way in to the back of her cunt. He  grunted with the raw thrill of being balls-deep in the clinging twat of his  son's beautiful wanton girlfriend.

                Sue had held her breath in anticipation between the moment  when Luke's tongue deserted her pussy and the moment when his cock  entered her. She made a sound that was almost like crying as her cunt took  in the length of his deeply embedded cock. He started to fuck his cock in  and out of her pussy. She uttered the same helpless intense cries. Sue was  overwhelmed with excitement. She could do nothing but lie back and let  herself be fucked.

                Which was all Luke wanted of her. The big man was reveling in  the skilled clutch of her cunt-walls that wrapped snugly around his cock  each time he shoved it into her pussy. The excitement was building in his  teeming balls. He did not know how long be could hold onto his cum. Sue  moaned and murmured incoherent words of encouragement as he thrust  his cock time and again into her juicy cunt.

                 "Uh! Uh! Uh! Oooohhh... God, yesss!"

                Somewhere, in some barely functioning part of her mind, Sue  realized that the thing that she hadmost feared had come to pass. It had been one thing to yield to the  appealing temptation of Dan's virginal young brother. That had been almost  like a power game-to seduce a boy into his first experience in fucking. But  Luke was something else. Dan's father bad made her uneasy from the  begining. She had not liked the way his personality overpowered her, the  way his attentive stares made her want to melt into pure sensual woman.  Sue had a pretty good defense up against the world, but Luke bored his  way right through it. Just by sitting beside her tonight at the bar, he had  sealed her fate. There was no way she could have resisted him, once he got  that close.

                She felt herself collapse again into orgasm, pushed there by the  thick goad of Dan's father's cock. "Ooohhh! Oh, nooooo! Oh, yesssss. . . I'm   cummmming!"

                 He drove his cock deep into her cunt again, again, again. Her wet  slippery hole was teasing him to the point of no return. He felt himself letting  go. His aim stormed deep into her cunt.

                "Yeah, baby, I'm with ya!"

                They clung to each other desperately until the force of their  climaxes had passed. By the time he was in control of himself again, Luke  discovered Sue had fallen asleep. He decided to drive around awhile, get  some coffee, get them both into better shape before he headed home. He  did not bother adjusting her clothes, though. She could do that when she woke up. In the meantime, he got a kick out of being able to look  over at her bare ass and her cum-stained cunt-hair.




CHAPTER TEN


                Dan knew he had set himself up for this one. And he must have  intended it all along. It was no accident he had just happened to call up the  girl he had bad the biggest crush on in high school, when he heard she was  still in town working as a city planner-and not married.

                 Lola had been one of the few girls in school who had not thrown  themselves at Dan. For that reason, she had captivated him. She was the  unattainable. And she was beautiful, with her high Indian cheekbones and her flashing Spanish eyes. The disdainful way she  could look at a man went well with her tall stately bearing. Lola was a  thoroughbred. Her parents had sent her off to a girls' college before Dan  could get his hands on her, but he had never forgotten her. Even through  the intense excitement of his relationship with Sue, he had not forgotten.

                His line on the phone had been that he was thinking of moving  back home and getting into real estate. He wanted to hear her views on the  future of the city and its property market.

                 Lola showed just the right amount of cool and intrest on the  phone. But in person she came on much stronger. Dan saw at once that  Lola had changed. She was clearly not trying to preserve her royal virginity,  any longer.

                They met in a dimly lit seafood restaurant and lingered longer  over cocktails before finally deciding they did not want to eat after all. Lola  looked straight at Dan with those big black eyes of hers and said, "Why  don't we go back to my place? We can take along some crab, and I've got a  wonderful bottle of' white wine to go with it. It'll be easier to talk there.

                Talk, hell! Dan thought. They had been doing a fine job of talking  for the past two and a half hours. It was not talking that cozy apartments  were for.

                 His first tour of the apartment cleared Dan of any further illusions  he might have had about Lola's intentions. Rather than cozy, the apartment was airy, spacious and  lavishly furnished. Dan knew a city planner made a good salary, but not  good enough for antique gold candelabra, Persian carpets and carved ivory  jewely boxes. It was clear Lola had admirers.

                "You live well, Lola. Your parents were probably smart to get you  away from me before I staked my claim on you."

                 She smiled and banded him a glass of wine. "It doesn't sound like  you're doing too badly, Dan. And if things to the way you're talking, I guess  you'll be doing a lot better in the future."

                "That's true. I've got a girl, Lola, that I'm pretty serious about. I  guess she'll be sharing with me whatever comes up."

                 "Really? I think every man should have a nice wife, don't you?  Personally, I don't intend ever to be a wife. I like things the way they are  already. I get all the benefits and none of the crap of matrimony.

                Her hand was doing impressive things with the short hairs on the  back of his neck. She was pulling them like strings on a marionette and  what was coming up was his swelling cock.

                "Sound like you know what you're talking about, Lola."

                 "I lived with a guy for two and a half years after college. He slept  around and pulled all kinds of shit on me. Thank god I never actually  marriedthe creep. But I guess I should be grateful to him for teaching me a valuable  lesson."

                She was kissing his neck. It was giving him goosebumps and  making his cock harder than ever. Thoughts of Sue made him feel he ought  to say something to make her stop. But the pulsating in his cock gave him  other ideas. She smelled awfully good, the way he remembered her in  school. She used to wear just enough of her mother's expensive perfume to  make a guy stop and turn around when she went by.

                 She reached for his pants and expertly pulled out his cock. Dan  realized it was now or never. If he did not stop her right this minute, he  would surely fuck her. Dan felt a little guilty, but he felt a lot more excited  than he did guilty.

                Her fingers deftly explored the smooth rubbery contours of his  blood-swollen cock. "Mmmmm. . . feels nice. You know something, Dan? In  high school, I always wanted you, but my mother had me so trained that you  had to make a guy roll over and play dead before you yielded the golden  prize of your body, that I was just plain afraid to do anything. I thought you  would despise me if I did what I wanted to do."

                 Her tongue was tracing erotic pathways along his ear, down his  neck, back up to his lips. She kissed him hotly. Their mouths worked  together; their tongues entangled in a lusty tango.

                "I wish I'd known that, Lola. I would have broken down palace gates to get to you if I'd thought you'd have me at the  end. As it was, I've been thinking about you for years-wishing there had  been some way to get through that haughty Spanish wall you carried  around with you. Uuuuhh.. ."

                There was no wall now between Dan's cock and the supple touch  of Lola's probing fingers. She had his cock hard as concrete. She had him  longing for her hot and wet cunt.

                She obligingly gave it to him, but in the form of her red, greedy  lips. Her head dropped to his cock and her tongue lapped at the bulbous  head. Dan stared down in amazement at the head of shining black hair that  had been a part of so many of his fantasies. Now here she was, without his  so much as lifting a finger to egg her on, willingly sucking on his stiff and  aching cock!

                 She moaned in delight at the taste of pre-cum she licked from the  slit in his cock-head. Then her mouth swooped down to take in his whole  cockshaft. His cock was immersed in something hot and wet, just what it  had been throbbing for. Dan gripped the arm of the couch fiercely to steady  himself against the thrill of the achievement of his impossible dream; to get  a hold on the welling lust that threatened to burst from the depth of his balls.

                Once he knew he could hold down his cum-for a while at least-he  started to encourage the beautiful city planner. He grabbed hold of herthick dark mane and began to push her head down each time she lifted her  mouth from his cock. She seemed to enjoy his mastery of the situation. She  moaned slavishly each time she was forced to suck in his cock. Her tongue  and lips worked avidly over the sensitized surface of his swollen cock.

                For a brief instant Dan thought of Sue, of how much he loved the  strong-willed blonde he had brought home to meet his family. Sue meant so  much to him, it was hard for him to understand why he had had to seek out  Lola. The idea had not even occurred to him until after he got home. But  among the flood of memories that returned to him, Lola stood bright and  appealing over everything else. He had felt a compelling need to know what  might have been between him and Lola if things had been different.

                 Though he realized the Lola who was sucking his cock was a far  removed creature from the one who had shot him challenging looks across  the classroom, that knowledge did not make the realization of his fantasy  any less appealing. The pure noble Lola he had imagined then was long  gone, but in her place was a sensual self-assured Lola who knew her way  up and down the rigid shaft of a cock!

                Her lips challenged his stiff cock the way her eyes had ten years  before. They dared him to meet the power of her raunchy arousal; dared him  to meet her wanton abandon with his own.hot clinging depths of Lola's eager cunt. The first wash of pleasure, as he  held his cock buried in her pussy, almost finished him off. But he steeled  himself for a wild uphill dumb and he started to fuck her. Again and again,  his cock-tip penetrated all the way to her cervix. She groaned in heated  abandon each time he stuffed his cock in her pussy.

                She seemed not to want to let him go. Each time he pushed his  cock in all the way to the hilt, she grabbed his arms and held him for a  moment. Her face wore an expression of rapt ecstasy. It seemed, by her  slight grimace when she let go, that it was pain for her to part with the filling  girth of his cock.

                "Oh, Dan! Dan! It's so good to feel your cock in my pussy! Fuck  me, Dan! Cure me of the dream! Make me beg for it!"

                Lola certainly had changed! Dan did not quite understand  everything she said, but he got the idea that the brunette fought awfully  hard to convince herself that the way she was living her life was the best  way. While she was opening herself up completely to the passion of their  fucking, Dan realized she was keeping her emotions tightly under wraps.  She was fucking the big man-hotly, intently-giving him everything she had.

                 "You're a fantastic woman, Lola!" he told her. He shoved his cock  into her twat again, this time harder than before. He wanted to see if she  might wince with pain. But she only grinned a wildvoracious grin and moaned for more. He could see it on her face-Lola was a  woman who got fucked a lot.

                It was good for him to fuck Lola, he realized. Not just physically,  but spiritually. He was getting rid of the dream that in its own way had kept  him from being totally there when he made love to Sue. He knew now how  much more important the reality they shared was to him than even the most  erotic fantasy. Even the wonderful Lola was just a person-full of needs, full  of herself.

                 He squirmed his cock deep into her pussy and looked up to see  her jaw slacken. She was getting close to the cumming. Seeing her like this  reassured Dan that he could walk away from this afternoon's encounter  without looking back. Lola was just a good-looking woman to him, now. She  was no longer a mystery-fantasy.

                 With a wild groan that was half relief, half elation, Dan started to  fuck Lola with a fierce unceasing rhythm that knocked her roughly back  against the couch. She was whimpering, moaning for more. Her bead  tossed crazily from side to side. She was submerged in the sensations of  lust, the way Dan was.

                 "Uuuuhhhh... I love it like this! So hard! ... so good! Ohhh, baby,  I'm... I'm cummmniing!"

                 With a yelp, Dan shot the hot load of his cum deep into Lola's  climaxing cunt.

                "Oh, Lola honey! Watch out! Here it comes!"

                 He held his loins pressed tightly against her. A broad grin curled  the corners of his mouth as he continued to kneel there, eyes closed, his  body struggling to recover from the intensity of his explosion.

                Lola recovered, more quickly than be did. Dan watched her  squeeze around him and stride into the bedroom. She came back with a  fresh pair of panties and stepped unselfconsciously into them. She  smoothed down her skirt, put on her shoes, and-presto-she was that same  sleek elegant Lola again.

                Dan got to his feet and shoved his cock back into his fly. "You're  really something, Lola, you know that? You turned into one hell of a  woman!"

                She grinned at him mockingly as she accompanied him to the  door. With feigned gravity she held out her hand for him to kiss. He clicked  his heels together and kissed her briskly.

                 "Thank you for access to the royal chambers, m'lady!"

                He was gone. All the way down in the elevator, the sound of her  soft laugh echoed in his ears. Dan was looking forward to getting back  home and seeing Sue. He'd had enough of fantasy sex for one day. 

CHAPTER ELEVEN 

               The Walker household had been a happy one before Sue and  Dan arrived. Since then, the lot of each one of the Walkers had improved  greatly. It was directly due to the presence of Sue, the beautiful blonde that  Don had brought all the way across the country to show to his mother, his  father and his teen-aged brother.

                When he woke up the morning after he had eaten Sue's pussy  and fucked her, Luke was overcome with guilt-and with lust. He knew he  mustnever let any such thing happen again. But he knew also that he would  always treasure the memory of the hot eager loving of the  twenty-three-year-old sexual dynamo. To make up to Lucy for the sin she  did not know he had committed, he attacked her with even more lustful  fervor than the increased dosage he had been demonstrating lately.

                Lucy had never been so thrilled. Sure that her body and her  marriage had been exiled to unexciting middle age, the graying blonde had  immersed herself in classes and in volunteer work. With her husband's hard  cock to give her a second lease on youth, she was spending more time on  herself. Spending more time lolling in bed reliving the aftermath of a rousing  night's fuck.

                 Sue had sat down again with young Dick and explained very  carefully why they should be lovers no more. The boy had been sad, but not  so desperate as he had been before. The reason was that the new  confidence Sue had instilled in him with her hungry cunt had got Dick his  very own woman-Elise Nelson, the prettiest girl in the class, had accepted  Dick's invitation to a show. By their second date, she had proved her  eagerness to ride his hard young cock. Dick and Elise were practically  going steady, and Dick was the happiest kid in his class.

                Only Sue was not benefiting from the general positive effects of  her wanton escapades. The time for hers and Dan's departure was growing  near, and Dan wanted to tell his family that he and Sue would be getting married. Sue was reluctant. Dan had been even more  loving and supportive the last few days than he had been before. He was  such a good man! She could not get over the horrible feeling that she had  let him down. She had cuckolded him with his father and his brother! She  wasn't worthy of him!

                The blonde had never been one to spend much time feeling  guilty. It was a relatively new experience for her. She just couldn't shake the  sense that Dan was so much more honest, so much more willing to commit  himself than she was. The only way she could feel right about asking that  commitment would be if he knew exactly what he was getting into; if he  knew exactly what kind of woman she was.

                 Sue had an overpowering urge to confess!

                But even when the urge was upon her, Sue wasn't simple  enough to think she could possibly tell Dan about her sexual exploits with  his dad and his brother. The repercussions might be dreadful. It might split  up the entire family. If Dan lost his cool and told his mother, it might mean  the end of Luke's and Lucy's relationship, as well as hers and Dan's.

                No. She couldn't be that reckless. If she were going to unburden  her conscience, it was going to have to be in a way that would not affect  anyone else.

                 She went down to the local park one warmmorning, to be alone, to brood about the things she had done that she had  seemed to have no control over-and the consequences that were binding  her. For three months, she had gone along without even thinking about  another man. What had happened to her? Why had she been so attracted to  the two men it was least in her interest to be attracted to? What kind of  pervert was she?                 So involved was she in her thoughts, Sue did not even notice that  someone was sitting near her on the grass, watching her. When she did  notice, she was startled. She cried out a little in fright.

                The boy who was watching her grinned. His eyes bored into hers,  giving her no place to hide. His frank, open face appealed to her. She pinned  back at him.

                He moved a little closer to her on the grass. Sue could see now  that he was not quite so young as she had thought. He had a slight build,  but be was easily eighteen.

                "You must have been thinking about something awfully hard.  Most people are so nervous when they're out in public, they're always on  guard for strangers.

                She liked him. He sounded intelligent and honest. Talking to him  made her feel less weird than she had been feeling lately. It was because for  the first time in days she was talking to someone not involved in her awful  secret.

                 "You don't seem to be very much on guard. You look like you've got all the time in the world to talk to strangers. What do you  do? Are you in school or something?"

                "I should be, but frankly I'm tired of it.  I'm thinking of trying to do  something more interesting with my life."

                "Like what?"

                "Like getting to know beautiful women in the park."

                 She laughed. He was a rascal. She liked him for it.             He offered her some coffee out of his thermos and came closer to  hand it to her. When he was sitting right next to her, she felt the forbidden  tingles in her cunt. Her pussy throbbed.

                He was awfully handsome in his boyish way. He was bold and  outgoing, like Luke, but soft and pretty and watchful, like Dick. It seemed  ridiculous to be making such comparisons, but they were there, staring her  in the face. She felt her body quiver with desire for him. She drank the coffee  hurriedly, as if it were medicine that would cure her of her growing  excitement.

                "Funny. I wouldn't have thought you were the quiet type." He was  still watching her closely. She was afraid he might have figured out what  was gobig on with her. She looked around them, hoping to divert his  attention to someone else. But she realized the place where they were  sitting was very secluded. She had come here to be alone; now, she was  afraid of being alone.
                She giggled nervously. "You're right. I'm not, usually. Just this  morning. . . I'm kind of thinking about things."

                He took the coffee cup from her shaking hands. "Like what  things?"

                "Like. . . I don't know . . . things . .

                Suddenly he was over her, pushing her down onto the grass with  the weight of his body. "Like these kinds of things?" he half-whispered. His  lips found hers. They were soft and eager, but bold and forceful, too. She  did not know if she could have resisted him if she had tried. She did not  know, because she did not try.

                Instead, her mouth opened to the rude intrusion of his tongue.  She shot out her own tongue to play with his at the same time as her cunt  started to grind up to meet his cock.

                 Both of them were reckless and open in their growing hunger.  Sue had had no intention of letting any such thing happen to her again. She  had not intended to be unfaithful to Dan again, but it was happening so  quickly, and the youthful energy of his body squirming on top of hers made  her feverishly aware of how much she wanted to fuck the strange boy.

                 "I want to fuck you!" he told her.

                Instead of being frightened or offended by his stranger's  directness, she found herself incredibly aroused by it.

                "Oh, yes! I want it, too! I want you to fuck me hard!"

                 She remembered the layout of the little corner of the park where  they were groping each other. It was fairly private, but there was nothing to  keep passersby out. What if someone should came?

                But he gave her no time to worry about 'what ifs'. As his tongue  continued to explore her mouth, he grappled with her skin, pulling it up  enough so he could start pulling down her panties. "No point in getting  ourselves more naked than we have to." He was pulling out his cock. Her  thighs were bound by the cotton band of her panties. "We might have to get  ourselves together again quick. But no one's going to bother us as long as  they think we're just necking."

                 Quite a boy! He had thought of that, too! With his cock buried in  her cunt and her skirt properly arranged, no one would be able to see that  be was fucking her. No one would know that two strangers had just fallen  together and were seeking lewd forgetfulness in the raw union of cock and  cunt.

                He forced his cock between her thighs and nudged it in along her  pussy-slit. Sue was excited enough that she would have loved to spread her  thighs wide, to let him all the way in. But she knew she had to be at least as  savvy as the boy was. She pulled her belly in and tilted her cunt upward,  moaning with excitement as his cock came closer to her wet eager pussy. At  last, when she thought she could stand the waiting no longer, his cock impaled her pussy,  "Ooooohhhh. . . ooohhh.. ."

                "God, you've got a sweet pussy! Jeez!" He began to fuck her in  quick jerky strokes. Breathing hard, he pushed one hand under her blouse  to grab a tit. She wore no bra, so it was easy for him to clutch her warm  smooth tit-mound and play with the hard bud of her nipple. "Hell, it was  some luck to run into you this morning! I haven't had a cunt this good since  I don't know when!"

                 His comments only made Sue hotter. She wanted to moan and  holler out her ecstasy-the blind arousal of fuck-lust with a stranger that was  making her forget for a blissful while the troubles that plagued her. It didn't  even matter at the moment that the source of her troubles was the greedy  ctrnt that the boy was fucking now. She was too immersed in the pleasure  of her pussy to worry about whether or not it should be there.

                The boy was just as absorbed as she was, though he  remembered from time to time to smooth down her skirt when his fucking  motions grew too quick and intense and pulled it up. The boy started to.  grow more cocky. He pulled his hips far back, until only the very tip of his  cock lingered in her wet cunt. Then he flexed his buttocks and thrust deep  into her. His short, brisk, hurried strokes stretched out into a long deep  skewering rhythm that kept the woman nibbling non-stop into his ear. When  he covered her mouth with a hungering kiss, she continued to mumble. The  sounds came out muffled, but they still made the boy's cock throb. He liked  hearing about how good he was making her feel.

                 And Sue liked feeling how good he was making her feel. The very  urgency of their fucking had her quivering in wanton abandon. It was  wrong, what they were doing. Sue knew she should not be trying to cover  up one-or rather, two mistakes with another. But she couldn't resist the  pleasure. She couldn't deny herself the ecstasy that kept her safely in the  here-and-now, not in that awful conscience-racked place where she had  been dwelling for the past few days. In the beat of her arousal, she even  dared to think that somehow fucking the boy, whose name she didn't even  know, would give her a solution to her nagging dilemma.

                "Wow, lady, you're far out!"

                 His voice was getting hoarse, a sure sign that he was close to  cumming. Sue flexed her cunt-muscles around the plundering girth of his  cock and thrilled to the sound of his groans.

                Though there was not much difference in their ages, he was  seeing her as a 'lady', an older woman. The thought appealed to her. Again  she was reveling in the eager joys of a young male, though this time the  male was much more forceful, more self-assured than the others had been.  Sue was bathing in the luxury of letting the boy do allthe leading. She could enjoy his lusty eagerness without feeling any  obligation to guide him in a learning process.

                All obligations were slipping away as she sucked his cock deep  into her cunt. He continued filling her with the hot pleasure she craved. But  the lusty fury of their fucking was taking its toll on the stranger lovers. They  had lost track of the time of day, the place, the partner. But they had  managed to get to the top of the mountain together.

                "Yi-i-i- . . . I'm cumming, lady!''
                "Uh, yes.. . me, too! Me, too! Aaaahhhhh!" She felt his hot cum  spill into her cunt and she smiled. It was always so welcome, that heated  cumwash at the very end of the pleasure chain.

                 They were still a little groggy when they heard voices coming  their way. He rolled off her and fastened his fly. She pulled up her panties  and pulled down her skirt. A young woman and man came walking across  the grass.

                 "Hey Charlie!" the girl called. "What'ya doing? Why don't you  come get some lunch with us?"

                The boy whom she now knew was Charlie turned to Sue. "Wanna  come?"

                She shook her head and smiled. "No. I already did."

                 He patted her knee and left her.

                Sue sat for a while, numbed, wondering-wondering what the hell  she thought she wasdoing. Then it hit her. She had it now! Something she could confess! So Dan  could know, and decide either to stay with her and help her or leave her! It  could not hurt anyone but her if Dan knew she had fucked a stranger.

CHAPTER TWELVE

                The family was out. Dan and Sue were alone in the house. The  big man decided to seize the opportunity to find out what had been bugging  his girlfriend lately. She was not her usual bouncy self.

                "What's up, Sue? You getting tired of me, maybe?" That was his  worst fear. Their trip to his parents' home had only helped to confirm Dan in  his feeling for Sue. Even his encounter with Lola had helped convince him  how right his blonde lover was for him.

                Sue was shaking. She had made her decision, right after her  encounter with Charlie, to confess to Dan. But she had put it off. Sure, they  had not really been alone in the house until now,- but neither had Sue been  feeling really brave. Facing the prospect of giving Dan up, only pointed out  to her how much she wanted to keep him. An obligation like marriage was a  scary thing.

                 But a man like Dan did not, come along very often. Her  escapades with others had been thrilling, but none of them could offer her  the kind of steady love and support she got from Dan-not to mention the  consistently fantastic sex that she and Dan shared. Because of her nerves,  they had not even made love for three days. She couldn't go on like this!

                 The blonde took a deep breath and wished herself good luck. The  time of reckoning had come.

                 "No, Dan, I'm not getting tired of you. I love you, but ... I have  something I have to tell you. Sit down.

                 She sat next to him on the couch and looked deep into his  trusting brown eyes. For an instant, she decided to back down. What need  was there for a confession? But she pushed herself. She didn't want there  to be secrets between her and Dan, any more than there had to be.

                "So I'm sitting down. What's up?"

                 Dan was nervous. She had tried to reassure him,but there was nothing very reassuring about her behavior. Sue never got  worried and uptight like this!

                "Dan.. . I want to marry you. Being with you here, on the trip, has  convinced me how good we could be together."

                A big grin crossed the man's face. He put his arm around Sue's  shoulder and tried to kiss her. She pushed him away.

                 ''I-Icy

                Sue shifted nervously. She was afraid to look him in the eyes.

                 "I want you to know what you're getting into, Dan, when you  marry me. I want you to know what I'm capable of. .

                 He leered down the open front of her blouse. "I know what you're  capable of, baby. That's one of the reasons I want to marry you." It was hard  for him to be serious. After all, Sue wanted to marry him! What else did he  need to know?                 The blonde was on the verge of tears. Seeing the extent of her  distress straightened Dan up.

                "I need to tell you this, Dan. Just listen to me, for a minute.

                 "I'm listening."

                "Dan . . . things come over me sometimes. Like I start acting kind  of crazy. I start getting all wrapped up in what I want, and I forget about  everyone else I ought to be thinking about." It was not coming out smoothly.  No wonder! Her brainwas a ferment of fear and anxiety. "The fact is, the other day, I met a boy in  the park. We started talking . . . and we ended up . . . making love . . ." She  could not go on.

                 Dan's face looked blank. "You mean.. . right there in the park?"

                "Yes." She hung her head, her shoulders hunched up around her  ears, trying to protect herself from what might come.

                 Dan was totally startled. For a while, he said nothing. He was lost  in thought. Ever since he had spent the afternoon with Lola, he had been  asking himself what had made him do something so crazy, when he had  Sue. He had felt guilty, unworthy of his beautiful girlfriend.

                It hurt him to think of Sue cavorting with some boy she did not  even know, right in the park, like a common whore. But it excited him, too.  He had always known Sue was one hell of an unusual woman. Maybe it was  to be expected that she had to go completely berserk sometimes.

                Anyway, knowing Sue could go crazy, too, made him feel a lot  better about what he had done. When they got married, they could start  fresh. They would make a vow only to each other. They'd be like two sinners  abandoning their wayward life together. Dan could not help finding the  whole thing a little funny. Sue looked so frightened, like she expected him to  hurt her or something.

                 He reached for her and lifted her chin so she hadto look at him. "Sue... I love you." He grinned. "Just don't do it again."

                 Sue was dumbfounded. After all her apprehension, this was all  that was going to happen? She felt let down, somehow. She wondered if  she was actually disappointed. Maybe she had wanted Dan to give her the  punishment she thought she deserved.

                "You're not mad?"

                 "Oh. - . a little. But Sue, baby, I can make mistakes, too. I spent the  afternoon with an old school chum of mine, all right. But it wasn't any guy.  And we didn't just sit and talk, if you get my meaning."

                Now it was Sue's turn to be shocked. It had never for a moment  occurred to her that Dan might have anything going on the side. She  realized she bad started to view her big boyfriend as someone  superhuman-someone who did not make mistakes.

                 It was an incredible relief to know Dan was just as human as she  was. Maybe he had not done anything so risque as she had-anything to  compare with her fucking her future in-laws. But he had allowed himself to  forget his vow to her for a while. Sue did not have to feel like she was the  only bad guy. She started to feel a little jealous of the old girlfriend. Then she  started to laugh. She threw her arms around Dan.

                "01-I, Dan! Dan, I'm so happy! I love you so much!"

                "I never expected my fiance to be so thrilled about knowing I had  fucked another woman," he remarked wryly. He pulled her away from him  and looked her solemnly in the eye. "No more, you understand? From here  on in, we keep the records clean."

                "Oh, yes, Dan. I'll be so good, you won't believe me."

                "Well, don't be too good. I'd hate for you to decide to give up  giving blowjobs or something."

                She started to cover his face with kisses. "Oh, Dan! Dan! You're  so wonderful!"

                His cock was getting hard in his pants. Dan couldn't avoid seeing  the irony in having his fiance cover him with kisses after he had revealed his  agonizing secret. He started to think more seriously about what it must have  been like when Sue was with the boy in the park. His cock jerked to  rockhardness, but the lust he was feeling was something different. He  wanted to fuck the blonde, fuck her hard, give her something she would  never forget.

                He pulled her down onto the rug, facing the couch. He started to  fumble with her clothes-pulling off her panties, shoving her skirt high, up  over her hips.

                "I gotta fuck you, Sue! Baby, I'm so hot for you!"

                 "Oh, yes, Dan! Yes, I want it, too!" she shrieked.

                The intense relief she bad felt had been converted into raw raging hominess. Her cunt trembled for the moment when  she would feel Dan's stiff cock stuffing her wet clutching pussy!

                Dan slid his cock between the shapely moons of her ass. He  spread her ass-cheeks wide to get a good look at the nether territory he was  invading. Her asshole seemed to wink at him from the deep recess of her  crack, beneath was the furry thatch of her pussy. He drove his cock deep  into her cunt and was rewarded with the fleshy eager grasp of horny pussy.

                "Uh yeah," he moaned.

                 "Aaaaggghhhhh. . . oh, Dan.. . fuck meee! Fuck meeeeee!"

                After all the horrors she had envisaged about losing Dan, it was a  soaring thrill for the blonde to feel again the stiff hard reassurance of his  plundering cock in her cunt.

                With every inch of her body tingling with raw need, she swiveled  her ass back joyously to meet Dan's hurried instrokes. She imagined herself  bent over the couch, her skirt pulled up, her blonde hair disheveled-picture  of lust to match what was soaring through her veins!

                "Uhhh. . . oh, Dan, I'm cummmming!"

                She had not been expecting it, and neither had he. It excited Dan  to see how totally Sue was responding to his urgently pounding cock. It  made him feel more confident about what he intended to do.

                Aroused as she was, Sue should have no trouble learning to take  it in the ass!

                His cock was well moistened by her pulsating pussy. He slid it  easily from her cunt and into her asshole. She was unprepared for the  depraved assault. Before Dan knew it, he was crotch-hairdeep in the hottest  tightest hole he had ever penetrated.

                 It was like the switch from day to night, the way Sue's ass quite  moving, her cries ceasing altogether. It took her a moment to comprehend  what had happened. When she did, she was scared-just plain scared!

                "Dan, noooo! Noooo, pleeeeeze! What are you doing to meeee?"

                All she could think was that Dan had just been pretending, he  wasn't mad at her, pretending so he could lure her into his awful trap, so he  could shove his cock up into her vulnerable ass when she was least  expecting it. He was punishing her for letting herself be such a whore in the  park with the boy!

                 "Oh, God.. . you're going to hurt meee!"

                "Hell, no, Sue! It's supposed to feel good! Relax and let yourself  get into it!"

                 The funny thing was that, though she was petrified of the idea of  being torn apart, she actually was experiencing no pain. Her asshole had  been completely relaxed when he shoved his cock up there. His cock had  been well lubricated. It was only the thought of pain that frightened her. There was no reality of pain at all.

                 There was just this strange sensation that filled her being as her  boyfriend started to work his cock in and out of her defiled asshole. She  couldn't identify the feelings. She wrestled with them at first, trying to deny  them, trying to throw Dan off her, to get away.

                But she knew from the beginning that Dan was far too strong for  her to get away from when he wanted to hold her down. Her struggle was  nothing more than tokenism. Her self-respect rebelled against the idea of  being punished, but her conscience craved it. She needed to be purged of  the guilt she felt for the chances she had taken with hers and Dan's future.  She had been wanton and inconsiderate. Who could blame Dan for flicking  her in the ass, to get even? Certainly not Sue.

                All along, she had expected him to punish her for her confession.  Now she realized that she had wanted him to punish her. The longer his  cockshaft worked in and out of her tight rectum, the more absorbed she  became in the masochistic thrills of being butt-fucked. Ruthlessly. To even a  score. To re-establish the lines that made him man and her woman.

                With explosive force, Sue faced the fact that she was wildly  excited by her bizarre punishment. She shoved her ass back to meet Dan's  cock. She started to moan and warble in a voice thick withlust.

                 "OH, Dan! Do it to me! Fuck me in the ass! I won't do it again! I  promise!"

                 Dan had never seen Sue more excited. And he had never felt  more excited, himself. The sight of her taut round ass-cheeks squirming  back at him; the sound of her passion-distorted voice egging him on; the  feel of her tight hot ass-muscles squeezing his cock to fiery ecstasy. All  sensations conspired to make Dan a man submerged in erotic abandon. He  knew nothing but the clinging feel of Sue's asshole, heard nothing but her  pleas for more, saw nothing but the feverish way in which his girlfriend was  letting him know that she was right there with him.

                 She was enjoying it just as much as he was!

                "Uh, baby, your asshole's so hot! It's tight in here, Sue!  Fantastic!"

                "Uh! Fantastic for me, too, Dan! I feel wonderful!"

                 They went on like that, the two reconciled lovers, reveling in the  new depraved joy they had discovered. Each of them felt closer than ever  before to the other. Until today, their relationship had been all roses. They  had weathered the first round of bad times and it had scarcely made a dent  in their solidarity. In fact, it had helped them to learn more about each other.  It had helped them unearth a new forbidden phase in their lovemaking.

                Sue writhed her ass back wantonly to meet each thrust of•Dan's  blood-engorged cock. He braced himself for each fierce entry into his  girlfriend's tight nether hole. Both of them were moaning wantonly by the  time the crisis struck.

                "Uh, God, I'm cumming!"

                Sue felt his hot juices spurting up into her sensitized asshole.  The feeling filled her with an excitement so intense that she whimpered and  withered into her own climax.

                 "Uuuuuuuhhh! Oh, Danny... me, too.. I'm cumming, too!"

                They collapsed onto the rug, holding each other, abandoning  themselves to the special closeness they had achieved.

                 When she recovered some of her clarity, Sue turned to kiss Dan  hungrily on the mouth. "I love you," she murmured, feeling small and  helpless in his arms, and liking the feeling.

                "I love you, too, baby.., more very day!"

                 "Dan . . . I'm getting homesick for California. Can we go home?"

                "Sure, baby. . . we'll take a nice slow ride back across the country  and I'll fuck your brains out at every port of call."

                 "You don't really want to come back here to live, do you, Dan?"

                "Not if you don't, baby! Any place would be paradise with you  beside me."

                "Oh, Dan!"

                She snuggled into his arms. All of a sudden, she was crazy about  the idea of marrying him. And crazy about the idea of getting away from  Dan's family. When it was just her and Dan again, everything would be just  fine. She knew it! With Dan to keep her straight, Sue wouldn't ever have to  go crazy again.

                Except with Dan there to fuck her!
                
                THE END


Her Special Delivery (AB-1582)
by Bobby Keller

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Chapter 1
Dear Connie and Bob Sept. 26

I am Bill (M08) 5' 71/2", 150 lbs., light brown hair, blue eyes and I love to
swing.

It was certainly good to hear from you because there doesn't seem to be many
Swingers in this area and I miss out on lots of fun. My Polaroid was stolen a
couple of months ago is the reason I have not enclosed a photo. I do wish very
much to correspond and meet if possible and will send a photo as soon as
possible.

Please tell me about your swinging activities. It sounds like you're Swingers
first class. I love exhibitionism and all the standard sexual activities and
also most of the unusual sex cults but do enjoy the French Arts very much.

The tongue and feel is very important and stimulating sexual tool. I love to
lick and suck the entire female body but especially the nipples and clit. Also I
love to have myself licked and sucked especially my penis and balls. I like
intercourse in usual positions and group intercourse and sex stimulation is
really exciting.

I have always wanted to have a group part and have everyone cover themselves
with whipped cream then mingle close together and lick it off each other slowly
and deliciously.

Does this sound good to you? There are so many more fun group games that we can
talk about later.

When you write please enclose your letter in an inner envelope and mark it
"personal."

Please write soon. I'll call you after 5:00 P.M. Kansas City time if you like?

Sincerely

Bill

Bob had just left the house when the special delivery letter came. I could feel
the swollen lips of my pussy quivering from the excitement that Bill's letter
hinted at. I don't know why but receiving a letter from a Swinger always excites
me terribly. My pussy was still swollen and full of cum from last night.

Bob had gone out to the Blue Bird and met a nice young guy and brought him home.
I had been over at an apartment next door where two cool boys lived. They had
fucked me until they couldn't get their beautiful pricks hard again. When I got
ready to leave, I couldn't find my panties, and before I got home their hot
delicious cum was running down my legs to my ankles.

Bob and Dick came in about ten minutes after I did. All I had on was a pair of
bright pink panties and a pale blue shorty night gown. Bob made us all drinks
and sat down beside me. I could feel my full breasts tighten and my bright pink
nipples harden under Dick's gaze. Bob kissed me and ran his hand under my
nightie. I reached down and caressed the bulge of his huge prick and moaned with
pleasure when I felt Dick sit down beside me. I reached over and took his hand
and put it between my thighs. Bob got up and went to the bathroom. Dick and I
didn't waste any time. His long finger slipped under my wet panties and in
between the swollen lips of my cum-filled pussy. I unzipped his pants and pulled
his big throbbing prick out. It was almost as big as Bob's. I lay my head in his
lap and started running my tongue up and down its hot length.

Dick moaned and pushed his hips up towards my face. My lips slipped over the
swollen head and began sucking it feverishly. He groaned, pushing his prick deep
in my throat and his hot cum shot out in thick heavy squirts. The three of us
went to bed then. Dick kept telling me he was sorry he'd cum so fast, but he
hadn't had a piece of pussy in over a month. He and Bob fucked and ate me until
I passed out from the pleasure and exhaustion.

I got my stationery and lay on the bed to write Bill an answer.

Hi there, Sept. 28

I received your exciting letter today, and was really pleased. I really love
exciting men who are uninhibited. I think corresponding with you will be very
exciting.

I want you to know that we do not care if you're married or not. I love to be
loved by married men ... they're much more capable than most single ones.

What type of clothes do you like for a woman to wear? What color bras, panties
do you like? I love to wear mini-skirts, short-shorts, bikinis, low cut blouses
and tight pants. I have a pair of thin, white knit bell-bottoms that I love to
wear. They're skin tight and you can see through them. I like to wear my leopard
print panties with them too.

Did I tell you I'm a natural blonde? My fat little pussy is dark blonde and is
always hot and kinda itchy. Bob thinks I've got the sweetest pussy he's ever
licked and he's had a lot of experience. Sometimes he sucks and nibbles on my
clit until I almost go crazy. I love to suck a man's hardness all the way ...
it's a groovy feeling to feel him climax.

Your whipped cream idea sounds wild. If you get a chance to visit us we'll have
to try it. You two can cover me and then lick it all off. There's nothing I love
more than having two experienced men loving on me at the same time. That's
really our bag ... threesomes. It's really wild to see and feel how excited two
men get when they're loving on the same woman. I can never get enough either.
Sometimes I get so excited at work that I want to run home and tear Bob's
clothes off! But sometimes I meet a sexy guy before I get home and WOW!

I really enjoy posing for sexy photographs, but we are having a hard time
getting them developed. They won't even print a photo of me if my sweet little
pussy's showing through my panties! And since I always wear sheer panties it's
always showing. If we had a Polaroid we could really take some sexy photos. If
you ever get to visit us maybe you could borrow one from a friend?

I'm laying on the bed now writing to you and I'm naked except for a pair of
sheer white bikini panties. Bob just came home and he keeps messing around. Oh,
damn him! He knows how excited I am and he keeps teasing me. I might have to
stop in a minute and rape him! If you were here now I bet you wouldn't tease me
... would you? No ... but I'd tease you. I'm getting more excited just thinking
about the fun we could have if you were here RIGHT NOW!

How far is Kansas City from here? Do you think you could come up and spend a
week-end with us soon?

Do you drink? I like beer but it's fattening. Scotch and Drambui, which Bob
calls a 'panties dropper' really turns me on. Bob likes Jack Daniels 'Black
label' he calls it Tennessee sipping whisky. We're not heavy drinkers but like
to get high sometimes.

Bill, why not try to get away the week-end of the 11th of October for a visit?
If you could leave Friday you could be here Saturday morning and the three of us
could really have a groovy time.

The photos I'm sending aren't very good. I'll send better ones soon. Don't
forget to send me one of you. Know what? My panties are soaking wet! See what
you do to me?

Love Ya,

Connie


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Hi Swingers,

It was sure good to hear from you. You both sound very sexy and uninhibited too.
It is so good to know how to enjoy sexuality like you two do. I am very excited
about corresponding with you and I do want us to meet as soon as possible. That
is going to be kind of difficult for me but will do everything I can to work it
out soon.

Yes I am married and my wife does not approve and is very inhibited. So we will
have to work around her.

Cheyenne is about 600 miles from K.C., which is not too far and I would be there
in a minute if it wasn't for my wife. However I do have occasion to be in
Denver, Colorado on business but the occasion doesn't come often. Maybe I can
make an occasion and we could meet in Denver? Or maybe I could drive up to
Cheyenne from there? I don't think I will be able to make it the week-end of the
11th as you have suggested.

By the way the address you have for me is my office and the girl that opens the
mail almost opened yours and did her eyes raise when she saw the "personal"
marked on the fancy perfumed envelope! PLEASE FOR MY SAKE USE TWO ENVELOPES AND
TYPE THE OUTER ONE IF POSSIBLE! Hate to cause you all of this trouble but it
will help our cause.

What kind of clothes do I like women to wear? Well my second choice would be
very soft and silky. My first choice would be nothing!

Your pussy sounds absolutely delicious. I would love to suck and lick it for
hours and hours and days and days. Does it take very long for your pussy to get
nice and juicy with your luscious fluid? Does it take very long for you to get
very hot when it's sucked and licked? I just can't wait for our meeting, in fact
my dick has been hard and my balls aching ever since your first letter.

I am so glad to hear you love to French men. My dick needs someone to fondle it
and lick and suck it. I have such a hard on now that I can't stand it. I want so
bad to look at it when it is hard as it can get and shiny on the head.

Yes I would love to help Bob lick the whipped cream from your body and I know we
could be excited at the same time with your lips, tongue and hands. Maybe one of
us could put our hard dicks in your pussy and the other could lick and suck you
at the same time? Would you like this?

Then maybe later on you could French us together, licking Bob's dick, then my
dick alternating as we stand or lay very close together with our dicks touching.
While you are doing this one of us could be sucking your nipples and the other
could be sucking your pussy.

You have me so excited I can hardly write. I hope you can read it. And write
very soon.

Love ya,

Bill


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Dear HOT BILL

WOW! I received your wonderfully exciting letter little over an hour ago. 7
A.M., Bob had just slipped the huge head of his prick between the fat lips of my
pussy when the Goddamn mailman knocked. I was mad as hell until I saw it was a
letter from you. We lay in bed and I read it out loud and it sexcited us an
awful lot. Bob kept sucking on my hardened Strawberry nipples and pushing his
fingers deep into my hot juicy pussy. I got fucked seven times last night!
Between your letter and Bob's fingers I was hotter than I've been in a long
time.

This is something new for me ... typing a sexy letter. Bob says I shouldn't. But
I am anyway, this once anyway. If this letter seems confusing its your fault.
Bob was really excited over some of your ideas on how you two should give me
those hot tongues and pricks. His prick got very hard and its swollen head was
all wet and sticky with his comn. Being the lovable wife I am I didn't waste any
of it ... DAMN! He almost blew my head off when his salty sweet comn squirted
diliciously into my mouth! Bob's prick is almost three inches across its
beautiful head and eight wonderful inches long. I've never had one bigger or had
a better fucking than he can give me. Bob sucked and licked my juicy pussy until
that beautiful prick of his got hard again.

Then he pushed it very slowly up my wet burning pussy until I felt his big hairy
balls laying deliciously against my little asshole. Its broad swollen head
pushed wonderfully against my womb. Then I drew my legs up and writhed my ass up
to meet his pounding prick. I love for a man to fuck his prick into me very fast
and hard ... and very deep. I can't ever remember having a prick bigger than
Bob's in me.

But there was a boy I went out with once when I was fourteen and it was twice as
big! He said it was eleven inches long and it was bigger around than a coffee
cup! I didn't let him put it in me. I was afraid he'd kill me or something ...
but now I'm sorry I didn't. We were in his Dad's car in front of my house
necking. He pulled it out and asked me to 'jerk' him off. It was the first time
I had ever heard that expression, but not the first time I ever did it. My
brother called it, "Fucking my fist." I let him pull my panties off and finger
my pussy while I rubbed his prick. I couldn't even get my fingers all the way
around it! He asked me to sit in his lap facing him. I pulled my skirt up and
spread my legs over his. I was up on my knees and he started rubbing its huge
head between the moist lips of my pussy until he shot his comn all over me.
Later in bed I was still so sexcited I stuck my fingers into my burning pussy.
His prick had comn so much and squirted out so hard that some of his comn had
went way up inside me.

I'm sitting in the living room and I'm naked except for a pair of black bikini
panties. I'm also getting very hot again! As usual my panties are soaked ... of
course some of it is Bob's hot comn and some guy I met last night. Have you ever
eaten a girl's pussy after you fucked her? Bob loves to ... even if it was
another man that fucked me. When you come visit us this is one thing we'll have
to do.

You sit on the edge of the sofa and I'll sit on top of you with that big hot
prick of yours in me. Both of us spread our legs and have Bob suck and lick at
both of us.

You probably think I'm crazy ... or worse. I'm not! I'm just a healthy,
over-passionate young lady that loves sex for sex. I'm in love with Bob very
much and he with me. Because we truly love each other it doesn't hurt our ego if
someone else gives the other pleasure.

Questions:

Do you like to look at naughty photos? We do.
Do you like to rub your prick until you comn? Bob does. I do sometimes.
Do you like to fuck young girls? Bob loves pussy any age. In June he fucked a
girl in Sidney, Neb. that was just going on 13. I haven't seen him fuck a young
girl yet, but I want to very much.
What do you think of two young women making love? It excites both of us to see
photos of that and read about it. If the girl was pretty and I was in the right
mood I'd like to try it.
Do you know any girls like that I could write to?
Do you like to read lewd books? We do.
Do you have any wild photos? We have a few. I'm going to send you the only one
we have of me ... you can keep it. If you send us some of yours ... we'll return
them with our answer to your letters.
Do you know any other swingers? Male ... Female ... Couple? Would you send us
their address or ours to them?
That's the end of the questions.

I'm sitting here all alone now and my pussy is burning and itching something
terrible! Bob had to go down town. I'm trying to type this with one hand ...
guess where my other one is? Gee you're smart ... how did you know it was
between the moist slippery lips of my pussy? God, it's so hot and slippery in
there! I wish you lived next door. I'd love to feel your hot lips and tongue
licking and sucking my pussy RIGHT NOW! And I sure would return the pleasure.

Are you hard now? Are you rubbing it ... I hope my letters sexcite you. I'd like
to be there now and see that big prick of yours throb and squirt your hot comn
all over my naked body. I wish I had that big prick of yours in my mouth now ...
oh shit ... I'm going off in a second ...

Isn't that terrible? I really did go off too!

I'm sorry I almost got you in trouble. I won't do it again ... EVER! Why don't
you get a Post Office box? It would be a lot safer for you and you could get
your mail anytime, day or night. Besides I like to use pretty perfumed
stationery ...

Tell me all about the extra loving you get. I bet you've fucked all the girls in
your office, huh? Write soon and make it long. But no more Special Delivery,
okay?

Love Ya,

Connie


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Hi Swingers, 10/3/69

I just got your letter and have to tell you the good news by Special Delivery.

I am going to be in Denver Friday October 10th and Saturday the 11th. Had to do
lots of lying to work it out but I will be there.

Please send me a phone number so we can make arrangements to meet.

Your letter was so hot my prick is still hard and pulsating and leaking my hot
come.

I just can't hardly wait until we meet next week end. I have gotten a P.O. box
as you suggested, the address is as follows.

I just can't wait for next weekend. My prick will probably be hard 24 hours a
day from now on.

No I haven't sucked a pussy after fucking a girl but it sounds out of this world
sucking your cunt after we both have fucked you hard and long then tasting our
come mixed with your delicious juices.

I would love to be fucking you with my prick in your hot steaming cunt and have
Bob suck us both at the same time.

I want to have my hard hot prick in you and sucked by you so much!

Yes, I like to look at wild photos and try them out in the flesh. Just think we
three can stay in the nude together from Friday night till Sunday morning doing
anything we want to.
Yes, I have fucked my fist until my come shot every where. But it is much more
fun when somebody helps me.
I haven't ever fucked a real young girl so I don't know what it's like. But I've
seen some sexy little cunts around and would love to dip my wick into them.
While we're talking about fucking other women I did fuck one woman here in the
office. She isn't very pretty, but has a very hot cunt. In fact I fucked her on
HER desk. The next day every time I looked at her sitting at the desk my cock
would get so hard! I fucked that day during working hours against the wall and
we almost got caught! Now she won't let me come near her.
No I don't think there is anything wrong with two women eating each other, but I
don't know any girls like that. But will try to find some for you.
Yes I love to read dirty books.
No, I don't have any naughty photos. I had to get rid of them when I got
married. And I sure made a mistake marrying someone who wasn't a swinger.
When I get to Denver next Friday, probably around noon I will get a nice motel,
then will go out and get some booze and anything else you can think of and be
all ready. And lots of whipped cream. I'll call you and give you the name and
address of the motel and my room number.

I wished I lived next door to you too. My hot lips and tongue just can't wait to
lick and suck your hot delicious slippery cunt and want very much to have you
suck and lick my hard prick and balls. Yes ... I am rubbing my prick now and am
about to shoot a hot load. I hope you like the taste of my come. When you suck
me off maybe we can exchange come from each others mouths for a while then I
could put it in your cunt with my tongue?

The reason for Mike's name on the P.O. box is that I got him to get a box for me
and he used his name but I am the only one that has the combination.

I had a neighbor that used to give me some hot fucking until her old man got
wise to her fucking around on him. We used to start off by taking a bubblebath
together and she would stroke my red hot cock then kiss it as it stuck up out of
the bubbles. Then we would get out of the tub and dry each other off and she
would play with my prick for a while. I would suck her nipples until they got
hard as rocks then she would take my prick and rub it against her nipples. Then
I would start sucking her pussy and it would get so hot and juicy. It would make
her clit long and hard and I loved to suck it into my mouth and wrap my tongue
around it. It got almost as big as, a small prick. At the same time she would
suck my prick and lick my balls. We both loved it very much.

I was thinking maybe Bob and I could do this. Bob would lay on his back with his
head facing one direction and his legs wide apart. I would do the same thing
only facing the other way. Then you could rub our pricks together and get on top
of us face down and lick and suck both of our hot throbbing pricks. At the same
time one of us could be sucking your hot delicious cunt, then you could switch
around still licking our cocks so the other could taste the sweet juice of your
hot cunt. Does this sound like fun? It does to me.

Then also you and I could lay on our sides with me fucking you from behind with
my hot slipper prick. Bob could lay on his side with his face near your juicy
cunt. He could lick and suck as both at the same time while you suck that huge
cock of his. Then Bob and I could change places.

Tell me about some more of your wild experiences. I bet you probably fucked half
the guys in college last year.

Love ya,

Bill


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Dear Bill, Oct. 6

I received your sexciting letter just a little while ago. God, but you have such
sexciting ideas. I just know I'm going to have my fat little pussy fucked the
best ever by you two sex-crazy men! The very first thing I want us to do is ...
for you to push that big hot prick way up inside me and fuck me good and hard
while Bob watches. After that we can have some fun experimenting with those wild
wonderful positions.

I'm typing this because I'm in a hurry to get it in the mail to you. I'm sending
this to your office so you'll be sure to get it before I see you. Honey, I wish
there was some way for us to come to Denver but our car's in the shop, and the
last bus for there leaves at 7:10. I will have to work Friday night until ten. I
should work Saturday too but if you come up I won't. I probably couldn't anyway
... you and Bob will probably fuck me so much I won't be able to walk ... I
hope!

I'm on my period now and will be through Wednesday. I'm sitting here wearing a
pair of light green panties with sheer white lace in front, over my burning
pussy. I wear tampax and it's like one continuous fuck! I was out with this boy
last year at college and had my period. We parked and before I knew it we were
both so hot! I told him I had my period before we went out. The only reason he
wanted to date me was to fuck me and it was the same for me. I wanted to suck
him off but he said it had been so long since his prick had been in a pussy that
he wanted to rub it against mine until he comn. To tell the truth he was a
thirty year old college professor and his wife was eight months pregnant and
wouldn't let him even touch her.

Ron pulled my panties off and I slid down on the car seat. I felt the hot sticky
head of his pulsating prick rubbing against my open thighs. I reached down and
wrapped my trembling fingers around his hardness. And rubbed the swollen head
against my fat quivering lips. With my other hand I spread the lips of my eager
pussy open and guided the slippery head of his prick in. I wrapped my arms and
legs around him as he moved back and forth until it pushed against my tampax.
God, it felt so good! Ron moved his prick slowly just inside the tight opening
of my pussy until his prick started throbbing like crazy and his hot juice
squirted in me.

We finally got a chance to do it right. Guess where? In his office during lunch
right on his desk. I laid down on his desk and he stood up.

I think I told you Bob met a fellow here in town that has a darkroom and will
let Bob use it, didn't I? I want some photos of us doing wild, groovy things
together ... especially one of me sucking that big throbbing prick of yours. I
can almost taste its salty-sweetness squirting into my mouth real hot.

I'm going to bring some of my sexiest panties and mini-dresses so you can take
me out to dinner. And I want some photos of you taking off my clothes. Will the
people at the motel say anything if they see me going into your room with a
small suitcase?

Bob just suggested that if you bring your car we could take a ride out into the
country and take some pictures of us fucking in your car or on a blanket. I love
to be fucked outside, especially during the day. I love to be fucked anywhere
come to think of it. Bob even fucked me in the movies once!

We wrote to several couples in Denver, wouldn't it be wonderful if we got an
answer from them before Friday? If we do you have to promise to save some of
that big hot prick of yours for me, too, okay? One of the couples are AC/DC and
that means she likes to eat pussy. If she's pretty and sexy you might see me
lick a sweet pussy for the first time. I really love to suck Bob's hot prick
right after he's had it in my pussy ... know what? I think my pussy tastes sweet
and sometimes I wish I could lick it myself ... I can suck on my own nipples and
THAT really sexcites me!

Bob said that I should tell you about the time I played with my girlfriends
pussy while her boy-friend fucked me. Sandy my roommate in the Dorm and I were
sitting around talking one night about eight o'clock. Her boy-friend Chris
called and asked if she wanted to go out and get drunk.

She asked him if I could come along and he said yes. We were all under age so
Chris bought three tall six-packs and we drove out into the prairie. We all sat
in the front seat drinking and listening to the radio.

Sandy and I both wore short dresses and I got so hot when I saw Chris' hand
sneak under her dress in the darkness. Sandy really put the beer away and about
two hours later she passed out or fell asleep. Chris was kissing her neck and
running his hand up and down her right thigh. My breasts grew tight and I felt
my nipples harden as I pushed my leg over so his hand would come in contact with
it.

I moaned and gasped for breath when his hand moved up the inside of my thigh.
God his fingers felt so smooth and hot! It made me tremble all over as I opened
my legs and felt his fingertips brush against my quivering pussy lips. I pushed
my hips out as his finger slipped under my panties and worked in between the
moist fat lips of my eager pussy. I wanted to cry when he pulled away from me.

He shook Sandy and tried to wake her up but she just moaned. He whispered for me
to take my panties off. I arched my hips and started pulling them off and he got
out of the car and walked to my side. When he opened the door I started to get
out, thinking he wanted to get in the back seat. He pushed me back in and
crawled in between my legs, kneeling on the floor.

His big hard prick was out and I opened my legs wider. My thigh was up against
Sandy's and it sent little electric thrills through me. It was even more
sexciting knowing Sandy was so close and her boy-friend's prick was rubbing up
and down my moist slit. I pushed my hips forward as Chris' hard prick slowly
slid deeper into the hot wetness of my pussy. I pushed my hips up in rhythm to
his slowly thrusting prick.

Chris took my hand and tried to force it between Sandy's legs. I resisted for a
moment then let him push my hand under her skirt and against her furry mound. I
was surprised when I felt her soft curls against the back of my hand. She didn't
have on panties! That thought sexcited me tremendously. I didn't move for a
while, not until Chris started whispering all kinds of things in my ear.

"Play with her pussy ... she likes that ... stick your finger inside her hot
cunt. Finger fuck her!"

I did and it was so sexciting I almost forgot about the sweetness of Chris'
prick fucking hotly into me. I found Sandy's clitty and she moaned and writhed
her hips slowly. Chris squeezed her big full titties and began thrusting his hot
prick faster and faster until he tensed. I felt his prick jerking wildly and
then the delicious feeling of his hot thick comn spurting into me.

Sandy never Mentioned it but I knew she had been awake. At least there close to
the end. I used to get so sexcited watching her walk around the room wearing
nothing but thin panties. She had a big dark brown bush of soft curls and once
she had on a pair of white gauze panties. I could see the fat lips and they were
moist. I wanted to crawl in bed with her at night but I was afraid she'd get mad
or something.

One night she came in late and was so drunk she could hardly walk. I lay in bed
fingering my pussy as she took off all her clothes. Her pink panties were
soaking wet and I knew she'd been fucked. Roger's comn was still hot and
slippery inside my own pussy. Sandy lay across the bed and went to sleep,
completely. After a few minutes I got up and turned the light out. I picked up
her wet panties and smelled her wetness and the boy's comn. It made me so
sexcited! I walked over and knelt by her bed and leaned over and kissed her wet
mound. She didn't move and I stuck my tongue out and licked lightly up the
swollen slippery lips of her pussy.

I had better tell you now just in case you want to take me out some place for a
few drinks. I'm only twenty.

Darn, when I start writing to you I just don't know when to stop! I'm going to
HAVE to end for now and get ready for work.

I'll expect your call about three Friday. And don't play with that big hot prick
of yours anymore! I want to feel it shoot a big hot flood of comn deep in my
belly!

Love Ya,

Connie


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Dear Sexy Ones,

Your letters and the anticipation of this weekend coming up have got me on fire.
My cock just won't stop dripping.

I have made my reservations and will be in Denver at 8:45 A.M. Friday.

Just can't wait to fuck your sweet hot slippery pussy fast and hard and deep
with hot cock. So much that I'm about ready to throw a fuck in this bitch here
in the office ... regardless of what she says. My cock aches like hell it's so
hard. How I wish you were here now to suck it with your hot lips and tongue. I
want to shot a big load in your mouth and then French kiss you with the come
still in your mouth. We could share it each swallowing some of it.

Is your cunt hot and juicy now? Have you got your fingers in that hot pussy? Or
is Bob sticking his tongue in the juicy love nest? I hope my letters excite you
as much as yours excite me.

It's Sunday and of course I haven't got your next letter yet but I just had to
start this letter so I could let you know how I feel to day.

At church this morning I saw a sexy little whore that Bob would go crazy over.
She's a little brunette about 14, I heard someone call her Carol. She wore a
very short blue dress and sat behind me. I was turned around talking to a friend
and couldn't help notice all her bare thighs. I looked up from her thighs and
the little cunt was SMILING! The next time I looked down she had her knees open
wide. My cock got so fucking hard. I could see the narrow strip of light blue
nylon covering her pussy. I turned around then.

I bet I have read your sexy redhot letters a hundred times while looking at your
photos and fucking my fist.

Will finish this letter when I recieve your letter.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Connie ... Tuesday eve.

Just got your wonderfully sexy letter. I am glad you have decided what to do
first. I just can't wait to fuck my hot throbbing prick into that tight cunt of
yours.

I am flying to Denver. Will rent a car when I get there. I'll call you for sure
at 3:00 Friday. What I would like to do is pick you two up in Cheyenne and then
go back to Denver to my motel. Then I can drive you two back Sunday morning.

Or maybe we could go to your place for a while and get the ball rolling and then
go down to Denver. I'll get the motel for three so don't worry about that. I'll
bring the booze, lots of film and flashcubes and whipped cream.

How I wish you were here to suck me off, but just think, only three more days.
Damn, this is going to be one groovy, wonderful, sucking, fucking weekend!

I hope some of the other couples do write. I think a big group would be out of
this world. Just think of laying in a big pile of teats, pussys, balls and
pricks!

I would love to have you suck my prick when I pulled it out of your hot juicy
cunt. I could lick and suck your pussy at the same time. I'd like for you and I
to suck Bob's huge cock and when his juice shot out we could catch it together.
Then if Bob wanted he and you could do it to me.

I promise to save all my juice for you from now on. I'll probably come before I
get it in that beautiful pussy of yours. I've been so hot all week. After that
first time I'll be able to go hard and fast and give you a great fucking.

Must close now cause I have to go home.

Will call you at 3:00 Friday afternoon and will be up to get you Friday evening.

Love ya,

Bill


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Hi Lover! Oct. 8

It's ten-thirty now. I'm laying across the bed wearing only a pair of sheer pink
panties and thinking about you. My pussy is almost on fire and it's awful juicy
(my boss fucked me just before I got off work. It was good but You are better I
think). I finished my period yesterday and last night I was so hot that when two
good-looking guys offered me a ride I couldn't say no. They fucked me for two
solid hours and it was wonderful. When I got home and Bob felt how wet and
slippery my panties were he just pushed me down on the bed and ate my juicy
comn-filled pussy for at least an hour.

I want to feel your big prick squirting your hot comn deep in my pussy and down
my throat sooo bad! I'm laying on my tummy writing this and there's this lump in
the mattress that keeps rubbing against plump wet little pussy. Oh, shit, does
it feel good! I wish you had been here when you made that hot prick of yours
comn.

I had a terrible dream the other night. There were about ten handsome men
standing around my bed all naked. And everyone of them had pricks as big as
Bob's! I was laying there begging them to fuck me but they just rubbed their
huge pricks until all ten of them were comning at the same time. They just
covered my body with all that hot sticky comn but none of them would put his hot
prick in my madly burning pussy. Damn that was a funky dream.

Bob's sitting in the tub soaping his huge hardened prick and shaking it at me.
I'm going to be dreaming about you the minute Bob pushes his hot beautiful prick
deep into my itching pussy. I just know he's going to shove it in me real hard
and fast. He's always real hot when he has a piece of pussy from some other
girl. He fucked a little sixteen year old brunette to day. He met her at the
movies where she works. Her name's Lynda and she left her panties here. Her
pussy smells awful sweet and Bob said she's real tight. But with a prick like
his all pussys are tight.

I asked Bob if he would like to help me suck your hot prick off and the idea
sexcited him. That sounds very sexciting and after you fuck me good and hard,
you and I will have to suck his hot eight inch prick off.

I want you all to myself the very first time. I want to feel your strong rough
hands and hot lips all over me, sucking and kneading my titties, licking my
pussy. I want to feel that hot throbbing prick in my mouth. Then I want you
between my legs and to push that hot thing up into the wet hotness of eager
pussy. I want you to fuck me hard and fast, ramming your prick hard against my
womb.

Afterwards we can start doing all those wild wonderful things we talked about. I
know! After you fuck me good we'll rest a little. Then I'll suck your prick hard
and you can put it in from behind. Bob can lay in front and lick us both and
your hot comn that will be running out all over my thighs. Bob likes the way you
suggested that ... I do too. After Bob comns I'll roll over and let you have
some of it.

Bob's drying off now so I better hurry and finish this ... that giant prick of
his is still hard! If you really come up Friday I'll give this to you then ...
if not I'll mail it to you with a Dear John!

Love Ya,

Connie

Bob and I have discovered that most of the people we swing with, or rather the
ones we correspond with, are not what they claim to be. From Bill's letters you
would think he was very virile and capable. But he was the greatest
disappointment since Bob and I started to swing.

Bill and Bob were waiting when I got home from work that Friday night. I was
pleasantly surprised to find that he was indeed nice-looking. My pussy was moist
with anticipation the moment I stepped in and saw him. I greeted him with a big
smile and a "Hi". Bob fixed me a drink while I changed clothes. I was careful to
leave the bedroom door slightly ajar. I slyly walked past the opening in sheer
white panties, French bra, garterbelt and nylons. I could feel his eyes on me
and I shuddered deliciously. I slipped on a dark-green minishift and put on the
sheer, lacy pink panties that I had bought just for the occasion.

I came in and sat down across from him, and his eyes roved over my full thighs.
Bob handed me a frosty drink and I shivered. My pussy was burning madly.

Bob put on several records and I asked Bill to dance with me. He was a fair
dancer and I pushed my trembling body up against his. Bob turned the lights off
until we were shrouded in a soft dim glow. Bill became bolder and his hand moved
down to cup the fullness of my bottom. I pushed against him and moaned softly
when I felt his hardened prick throb against my stomach. I led him into the
bedroom.

As soon as we were in the bedroom, Bill pulled me into his arms and kissed me
passionately. I sucked his hot tongue into my mouth and writhed my hips against
his hardness. His fingers unzipped my dress, and I shivered as his warm hands
caressed the bare skin of my back. I pulled away from him and hurriedly took my
dress and panties off. Bill was frantically tearing at his clothes as I lay down
on my back. I was caressing the fat moist lips of my madly itching pussy until
Bill's hot fingers took over. He sucked hard on my hardened nipples and he
groaned as I wrapped my fingers around his hot throbbing prick. I caressed its
swollen head with my thumb and his cum was already oozing stickily from its
gaping mouth.

I smiled up at him as he raised up and slid my moist panties off. I opened my
legs and told him to fuck me now. And he did. Rather, he tried. I cried out with
pleasure when I felt the head of his swollen prick slip hotly between the moist
lips of my eager pussy. Then he fell heavily on me and I cried silently. His
prick throbbed spasmodically and his cum shot out in heavy squirts deep in my
contracting pussy.

He kept saying over and over he was sorry. But he was just too hot. I told him
that it was okay. His slowly deflating prick felt wonderful inside me. I saw Bob
standing with his huge prick swaying massively by the bed. I smiled and motioned
for him to join us.

He crawled up against us and I could feel his throbbing eight inches against my
thigh. A delicious chill went through my widespread thighs when I felt Bob's
hand slide in between Bill and I. His strong, experienced fingers moved expertly
through the wet curls of my mound. I groaned loudly when his finger brushed
against my clitty.

I gripped Bill's limp, sticky prick lightly. Bob moved in between my widespread
thighs and I jerked and moaned involuntarily as his tongue licked Bill's cum
from the swollen lips of my pussy. Bill kissed me passionately, sucking my
tongue deep into the hot wetness of his mouth.

When Bill started sucking on my hardened nipples, I raised up to watch Bob. His
head moved slowly, licking up Bill's cum. The thought of him eating my pussy
after someone had come inside me always excited me. Bill's lips were sending
thrills through my taut breasts at the same time.

I began pushing my full hips up to the maddening friction of Bob's lips against
my clity. His hands pushed at my inner thighs, urging me to spread them wider. I
threw my left leg over Bill and moaned louder as his teeth nipped teasingly at
my nipples.

My left hand pressed Bill's face tighter against my tit, the other entangled in
Bob's long sandy hair, urging his lips on. Bob's tongue licked up and down my
cum-smeared slit in long deliciously maddening strokes.

I whimpered, begging him to suck harder. His hands slid under my full quivering
butt, lifting me tighter to his wildly sucking tongue. I could feel his nose
rubbing against my sensuously erect clit. I whimpered incessantly as his tongue
sent shudder after shudder through my trembling body.

I writhed and twisted under his hot piercing tongue, moaning out breathless
obscenities. Bob's hand came out and caressed Bill's balls, then he squeezed my
hand affectionately.

That night Bob gave me one of the best fuckings I ever had. Poor Bill never got
another hard on all night. Nothing Bob and I could do would draw his limp prick
to erection. He left about four in the morning like a whipped puppy. We never
heard from him again. It's not him I pity ... it's his wife!

Bob and I correspond with about a hundred couples, with more answering our ad
every day. I thought I'd put in a letter to a single guy that we had met several
times. In my answer to him, I told of the first time Bob and I swapped partners.
It was quite by accident too.

Chapter 2
Dear Connie,

I called this morning but got no answer. I'm at the library now writing this and
looking at your pictures and dreaming a little bit. I know you won't mind if I
mentally undress you.

I saw the redhead last nite but have decided to cancel all plans. She is too
inhibited and would rather get serious than enjoy life. I don't want to get
involved. I've heard that redheads are quite passionate but I believe she would
be the exception ... too conservative. Oh well! back to the drawing board. I
wish to hell I could find a girl near here, half as pretty and half as
passionate as YOU!

I have an appointment with another one at 2 P.M. to try to sell some insurance
to. She's a GO-GO Dancer with big boobs ... almost too big, too saggy I think.

I'll keep trying to call until I get through.

Love,

Tom


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Dear Tom, Sunday

You're probably mad at me. Bob and I spent last Wednesday in Laramie visiting
friends. When I opened your letters I felt like crying. I'll try to make up for
not being here when you called. Call me as soon as you get this, okay? I'm
sending you some Polaroids to help you not forget me.

Oh, did we ever have a wild time last night! We spent the night with the brother
of my old college roommate. He's 19 and his wife Karen is not quite eighteen.
Merlin fucked me once a few years ago (I think he even fucked his sister,
Sandy.) They wanted us to spend the night with them so we decided to have a
party.

We sat around talking and listening to the Stereo. Merlin and Karen were sitting
across from us and both Bob and I could see up Karen's dress. She was wearing
bright pink panties. Naturally I made sure they could see up my skirt, too.
Merlin kept looking up my skirt and then up to my face. I winked and smiled at
him.

Bob and I were dancing to the soft music, his body pressed tightly to mine when
Merlin cut in. Bob laughed and pulled Karen to her feet saying that it was a sin
to ignore someone as beautiful as she. I got very sexcited watching the way she
pressed herself against him. The lights were low and the drinks and music were
making us all feel sexy. I could feel Merlin's prick hard and throbbing against
my stomach. I pressed tightly against him and when I glanced at Bob and Karen
they were dancing.

I saw Bob kissing Karen's neck and his hand was slowly working down her side to
her full young ass. Bob's caressing hand was slowly drawing her skirt higher. I
whispered for Merlin to look at them. By then Bob had Karen's skirt up so we
could see the edge of her pink panties as Bob's fingers caressed the back of her
naked thighs. Merlin moaned softly and his hardened prick throbbed in heavy,
quick jerks against me.

The music stopped and we stood in each other's arms for a few seconds longer. I
whispered for Merlin to let me sit in his lap and he did. He didn't waste any
time either. I guess he couldn't help it the way I was squirming my big butt
against his prick. We kissed and I urged his hand under my skirt.

We glanced at Bob and Karen. She was stretched out on the sofa with her head in
Bob's lap. They were kissing passionately and Bob had her full skirt up to her
waist. I got so excited watching his fingers tracing lightly over the swollen
mound of her downy young pussy. Of course, Merlin's fingers slipping under the
leg of my bright red bikini panties helped a lot too.

Then to my disappointment Bob just picked Karen up in his big strong arms and
carried her into the bedroom. I had wanted to watch him shove that gigantic
prick of his into her. With them gone Merlin wanted us to go to the sofa. While
I was standing he put his hands under my skirt and pulled my panties off. God I
was so hot and excited that I laid down on the sofa with my legs open and begged
him to fuck me. And boy, did he ever! He was as excited as I was and shoved his
hard prick into my eager and wet pussy hard. He did it so hard and fast that it
didn't take him long to shoot his comn deep in my palpitating pussy.

We lay there gasping for breath and we could hear Karen moaning and crying,
begging Bob to fuck her. Merlin's deflated prick started throbbing back to
hardness inside my slippery pussy. He started thrusting it in long slow strokes
as Karen cried out in pain and pleasure, "Ohhh ... God! It's so big!"

We could hear the bed squeaking and straining under Bob's hard thrusting body.
Karen moaned loudly and incessantly. Merlin moaned, "God, listen to her! She's
never been that hot before!" I writhed my hips up against Merlin's pounding
hips, listening to Karen's moans. I was barely conscious of his prick spewing
his second load of comn hotly into me.

He lay inert on me as we listened to Karen and Bob. Then we heard her cry out
loudly that she was comning. Merlin told me then that she'd never comn before.

Merlin was in the bathroom when Bob came out of the bedroom followed by Karen in
a thin bath robe. Her face was flushed and her pretty brown eyes were glassy and
vacant. Bob put his arms around me and kissed me hard. I pushed my hips up
against him and felt his huge prick hard and throbbing against me. For some
reason that even Bob can't explain he's always horny for ME after he's fucked
another girl! And naturally I love it.

All the way back to Cheyenne I sucked Bob's prick, tasting Karen's pussy juice
on it. Bob had a tremendous climax before we got out of Laramie.

Well, Tom, how's that for a sexciting evening? I'm going to write and invite
them down for the week-end as soon as I finish this. But I don't think they'll
come down though.

You'd better tell me how you make out with your Go-Go girl! I hope you get her
into bed.

Write real soon and call me, too.

Love Ya,

Connie

Karen answered my letter, but she avoided mentioning what had happened at her
house. Karen would be jealous of me having Bob, plus Merlin enjoying me
physically. Merlin would be jealous of Bob having given Karen her first orgasm.
I imagine he probably threw it up to her for several weeks afterwards.

Bob and I think of sex as a pleasure and a need. In the same class as food or
sleep. I don't think we're wrong, either.

We've met some interesting, unusual, and intelligent people through our swinging
correspondence. This is the answer to a letter I wrote in reply to an ad wanting
young women to make an unusual movie ...

Dear Connie,

Thank you for answering my ad and I apologize for the delay with my reply.

I fell in love with your photo since it suggested so many potential
possibilities. I adore your long, blonde hair and I'd like to see you dressed in
mod things that would exploit your best features. You have impressive
dimensions, beauty and appeal that would attract most men and women.

Please send more pictures of yourself and I promise to return them.

You are a natural for my 'taste' and I would hope we could meet in the near
future. I 'dig' a female who would enjoy another attractive female and, if we
should ever become good friends, I would make every effort to introduce you to
attractive, groovy females who would throw in with us for pleasure. I need you
to 'groove' with other females or with other couples.

Joan and I have 'cooled' the movie project, but we continue to be friends.
However, she continues to be very active with all types of 'underground'
activities. Write to her. Explain to her that we have corresponded and that you
are interested in her movie activities. If you 'dig' 'way out' colored guys or
any other type males, she could handle the matter for you. The two of you could
make a small fortune in L.A. She would be your 'front' and handle all of the
details for you. Joan is an experienced female and she's made several movies and
has excellent contacts.

I'll call Joan to tell her to expect a letter from you ... and enclose a
picture. Let her be your 'front' while you enjoy your men and profits. Joan
knows where to have your films developed.

I'm involved with the recording industry and affiliated with a 'name' recording
artist, so I hesitate to say more about myself.

With very best wishes, I remain

Sincerely,

A.V.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Dear Joan,

I'm writing to you at the suggestion of A.V. of Glendora. He said he'd call and
tell you to expect my letter. He hinted at something, I think he meant that you
could help me get into those wild sexy movies and help me meet generous men. If
this is true, I think it's wonderful!

It's hard to imagine getting paid to do something I love so much! I've had a
varied and wonderful sex-life since I was 13. I'm married to the most wonderful
guy and he's "hung" like a God!

I'm enclosing a photo and several slides. Could you return the slides?

Hope to hear from you soon.

Sincerely,

Connie


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Dear Connie,

You are just what I have been looking for! I can get you a couple of wealthy
guys who would be able to pay well for some young beautiful pussy like you.

I hope you are going to be 21 soon.

I have contact with many men. I give massages, sell pussy, make movies and
anything else I can do to make money. Money is my fetish, really my main
"thing". I have sucked on a couple of tits but haven't really sucked a clit but
I guess I can fit these lips around yours. I give a wonderful "blow" to a man.

Now, for your moving. You are welcome to stay with me and we will scout around
for a suitable apartment if you decide to live in Hollywood. You can stay with
me as long as you want to.

Maybe I can learn you to massage and you will be earning money and have good
contacts with men and I expect to get a few women, too, so you will be well
supplied with sex.

I will groom you and teach you what I know.

Why don't you call me and reverse the charges and we will talk.

So give me a call as soon as you get this letter. O.K.

Love and Piece,

Joan

The following letter is an answer to my ad in a swingers club magazine. The
funny thing about it is he didn't know who I was and that I was the hot little
blonde he fucked at a New Year's party.

Hi,

My name is Bill. I am 34 years old, 5'7" tall 145 pounds, blonde hair, blue
eyes. I am a graduate student at the University of Wyoming (with a good income
from a fellowship and GI bill). I am eager to contact swingers for some good hot
sex. I love to fuck (naturally). I also love to eat hot pussy, love having my
cock sucked off, playing with tits. In short I love sex! I can travel anywhere
in the state and am looking forward to pumping some hot come into you. Please
write soon.

Eagerly,

Bill

He didn't care for a threesome so I spent the night in a hotel with him. It was
really good. I sucked his beautiful prick all the way the first time. He really
knows how to eat pussy, too! Before the night was over he came in my pussy
twice. He fucked me a third time before I left the next morning.

And when I got home, Bob ate my slippery cum-filled pussy and then fucked me
hard!

Chapter 3
The following commentary and letters will be about our swinging parties with
AC/DC couples and single girls. Bob's work takes him all over, and I go with him
most of the time, and we have quite a bit of fun. We had parties with couples in
Texas, Florida, Virginia; Washington, D.C., New Jersey, Colorado, just to name a
few states.

The very first girl I ever made love with was a little sixteen-year-old nymphet
in Cheyenne. Bob met her at the movie where she worked. Lynda is a very pretty
brunette with long straight hair. She has the most beautiful figure Bob or I
have ever seen. It's not big, but full, rounded and firm.

The first time Bob fucked her was in our apartment. She had left her panties and
I got excited when I smelled her sweet pussy stains on them. I wore her panties
to bed that night and it excited Bob and I so much that we fucked all night.
Bob's beautiful prick was rubbed raw, to say nothing of me walking around
bow-legged for two days.

Lynda thinks I'm Bob's sister. We went to the movie one night a few days later
and he introduced us. I invited her over for a visit some time. During the
movie, Bob went out to see Lynda and they sneaked up to the secluded balcony.
Bob fucked Lynda on the carpeted floor and took her panties. They were sheer,
bright red bikini panties and soaking wet. I slipped mine off and put hers on.
By the time we got home, the panties were twice as wet.

That night, after Bob loved me real good and hard, we talked about Lynda. Bob
was going to tell her that I was going away for the night and that he wanted her
to come over. I was supposed to come in and catch him fucking her on the sofa.

She agreed to come up on a Friday night. She had asked him to get some beer for
her to drink. Bob suggested that I hide in the closet so I could watch
everything right from the beginning.

Bob bought a case of beer that Friday and I took a six-pack into the bedroom
closet. From there I could see the sofa in the living room and most of the
bedroom, including our king-size bed. I took off all my clothes, except my
yellow French bra and the bright red panties that Bob had taken from Lynda. I
was sitting on the sofa nervously waiting, when I heard Bob unlocking the front
door. I ran into the bedroom and took an ash tray into the closet with me.

I could see Lynda sit down on the sofa. She wore a short, tight knit minishift.
When she sat down and crossed her legs, the hem of her dress came up within
several inches of her sweet young pussy. Bob came over then with two beers. I
knew he had dissolved four Preludin tablets in hers, and after about two beers
she would be begging him to fuck her ... and me too I hoped.

My panties were moist when I ran my palm down between my legs. My thighs were
trembling, and my full titties grew taut, sending delicious shivers through my
stomach to meet those radiating from my burning pussy.

I watched as Bob took our photo album out and sat down beside Lynda. That
particular album had all our sexy photographs in it. As the pages turned, the
photographs became wilder and wilder. The last pages were some that were sent to
us by Lee and Margie, a swinging couple from Washington D.C. They were of Margie
and other pretty young girls in all stages of lovemaking with each other. And a
few of Margie being licked by a huge Great Dane and two of her being fucked by
the huge dog.

Bob was sitting on the other side of Lynda, and I could see her shocked,
wide-eyed, open-mouthed expression as she looked at the photographs. Bob's hand
was caressing her smooth thigh. Her dress was up very high, and I couldn't see
the dark tops of her nylons so I assumed that she didn't have any on. Bob said
something to her, and she turned her head, looking up at him.

He kissed her passionately. Bob's left hand moved from her bare thigh to the
full swell of small shapely breasts. I whimpered softly, kneading my tingling
titties as I watched him squeezing hers. I could see quite plainly that she was
excited. Her hand went to my husband's lap and caressed the full outline of his
throbbing hardness.

They finally broke their kiss and I could see Lynda's breasts rising and falling
sharply from her heavy breathing. She turned her beer up and finished it. Bob
went to get her another one. When he stood up, his eyes glanced toward the
partially opened closet door. He smiled. I could see the tremendous bulge of his
hardened prick.

Before Lynda finished her second beer, she had unzipped Bob's pants and had his
beautiful prick out, caressing its hugeness gently. Everytime I looked at the
huge fullness of my husband's prick it was always with awe. Now it looked even
larger and more exciting. Maybe it was Lynda's small fingers wrapped around the
thick shaft that made it seem so much larger?

Bob worked her dress up to her waist, and I saw her white nylon panties. As Bob
caressed the slightly rounded bulge of her abdomen, Lynda opened her legs wide.
When I saw Bob's fingers' slide down into the hot valley between her open legs,
my heart started pounding heavier and delicious shivers tingled in the pit of my
stomach.

Lynda's moans were becoming louder, and her small hand moved faster as it slid
up and down the length of my husband's prick. Bob's hand was inside her panties,
and I knew from her writhing and whimpering that his experienced fingers were
manipulating her eager little clitoris. My clit was erect and more sensitive
than it had been in a long time.

Bob picked Lynda up and carried her into the bedroom. He put her down about
three feet from where I sat trembling in the closet. My breathing seemed so loud
and heavy that I was sure Lynda would hear me. She was facing the closet as Bob
took off her belt and unzipped her dress. Her eyes were closed and her small
pouty lips were parted and trembling slightly. Bob pushed her dress forward over
her shoulders, kissing her smooth bare neck. Lynda arched her head backward,
whimpering softly as my husband drew her dress down over her small breasts to
her waist.

I was quivering, forcing three fingers into the hot wetness of my tight pussy.
Lynda's skin looked so soft and silky that I had to force myself to keep from
leaving the closet. When Bob unhooked her white padded bra and bared the full
firm white spheres of her young breasts, I had to bite my lip to keep from
crying out. I stared at the tiny dark hardened nipples centered so deliciously
on the warm proud spheres.

Bob worked her dress down over the fullness of her flaring hips. My tongue ran
wetly over my full lips while my fingers moved furiously in my wet swollen
pussy. I could see the thin dark triangle of Lynda's pussy curls through her
sheer white panties. The narrow band of nylon that disappeared between her full
young thighs was very moist. I wanted so badly to reach out and caress her downy
mound. It looked so soft, warm and sweet!

Lynda lay down on the bed, her shapely legs parted slightly. I stood up and
leaned weakly against the doorframe. My legs quivered uncontrollably as I
watched Bob quickly take off his clothes. The broad swollen head of his thick
pulsating prick glistened wetly from the sweet cum that oozed from its slit. Bob
smiled at me and crawled over Lynda, pulling her into his strong arms. They
moaned loudly as their hot naked skins touched. I moaned audibly too, almost
feeling Lynda's firm breasts and hot-pointed nipples pressing deliciously
against my own! With trembling fingers I fumbled with the clasp of my bra, I
sucked in my breath delightfully as the cool lusciousness of the air caressed my
taut, tingling titties.

Lynda raised her rounded hips and helped my husband slip her moist white panties
off. Bob tossed them toward the closet. I knelt down and reached out, pulling
the lacy panties into the closet. I put the moist crotch to my nose, and the
heady, musky-sweet odor made my head spin. When I looked up, Lynda was kneeling
between my husband's widespread thighs. Her tiny pink tongue was licking at my
husband's corded stomach. Bob's hands were holding her shoulderlength hair back
so I could see her licking him.

Lynda's small hand was wrapped tightly around the thick base of Bob's huge
blood-filled prick. Now her face was hovering only inches from the broad
glistening head. Her head dropped slowly toward my husband's prick and suddenly
her pink tongue flicked forward. The tiny tip licked lightly at the sticky
wetness smeared over the broad pulsating head of his prick.

Bob moaned as Lynda slid her open mouth down and enclosed the whole bloodfilled
head in the hot wetness of her young mouth. Her small, stretched lips tightened
and slid down the thick shaft another two inches. The sight of my husband's
beautiful prick sunk halfway between the ovaled lips of her mouth sent maddening
thrills of ecstasy through my quivering thighs.

I cursed myself for not thinking of bringing the Polaroid in with me. I remember
Bob saying that she had refused to suck him the first time. The closet seemed to
be getting smaller with each passing minute.

Bob had taken her long hair and draped it over the far side of her slender neck.
I watched the sixteen-year-old's pretty face bobbing expertly up and down the
thick glistening shaft of my husband's prick. She was an experienced cocksucker!
I felt a tinge of jealousy. I was very good, but Lynda was better! Bob flexed
his ass, his head raised, watching Lynda's head bobbing up and down the full
eight inches of his prick.

Lynda must have sensed Bob's increased excitement, as I always did, for she
began sucking his thick shaft harder. My husband groaned over and over, his
mouth moving crazily and incoherent words bubbled from his contorted lips.
Suddenly his head dropped heavily back onto the mattress and a heavy guttural
moan tore from his lips. His fingers entwined cruelly in Lynda's hair, holding
her head tightly on his wildly jerking prick. I moaned and worked my fingers
frantically in and out of my wet, swollen pussy. Lynda moaned loudly against my
husband's spewing prick. I could almost feel Bob's hot salty-sweet cum squirting
hard against the back of Lynda's mouth. She choked once as her smooth, flushed
cheeks expanded and hollowed, greedily swallowing the hot flooding gushes of
cum.

Lynda fell limply across the corded muscles of my husband's heaving stomach. Her
eyes were closed and her parted lips glistened wetly with Bob's slippery cum. I
wanted to kiss her, to feel and taste Bob's cum on her lips and hot tiny pink
tongue. I sat down weakly, fighting the raging desire to let Lynda know I was
here. I knew the time wasn't right yet, but my desire for the sixteen-year-old
nymphet was a maddening thing.

Bob pushed Lynda onto her back and began sucking on her hardened nipples. The
fingers of his left hand caressed her quivering young belly. I knew he wanted to
eat her, but I knew he wouldn't because of me. He knew I'd be going crazy by
now.

The huge size of my husband's prick isn't the most extraordinary thing about his
cock. It's his recuperative powers. He can have at least three powerful orgasms
before losing his hard-on once! I could see his prick laying on the whiteness of
Lynda's left thigh. Its broad head glistening wetly from Lynda's saliva as it
throbbed spasmodically.

Lynda's hips and thighs quivered as Bob's fingers worked expertly between the
downy, passion-swollen lips of her wet eager young pussy. Hurry honey! Hurry!
Oh, God, please hurry! My mind screamed pitifully at my husband.

Bob's fingers were plunging deep into Lynda's writhing pussy as she moaned and
pleaded with him to fuck her. The moist downy cleft of her young pussy looked so
inviting! Bob moved in between Lynda's shapely widespread thighs and I stared in
amazed excitement as her small delicate hand reached out and wrapped around my
husband's huge, throbbing prick, guiding its swollen, blood-filled head into the
wet tightness of her palpitating young pussy.

She moaned softly as Bob's thick shaft worked back and forth slowly, gradually
sliding deeper until it looked as if she had taken the full length of his
tremendous shaft. My husband raised up on his hands, looking down at Lynda's
pretty contorted face. He slowly drew his slim powerful hips back, and my pussy
quivered with delicious sensations, knowing the passionate thrills that were
soaring through Lynda's trembling body. Suddenly my husband's hips flicked
forward and his thick pulsating prick rammed into the depths of her young pussy,
hitting delightfully against the resilient lips of her womb.

Lynda screamed a low, sorrowful cry of pain, trying to escape the sudden pain.
Bob rammed into her again, grinding harder into her tender young flesh. I knew
my husband well enough to know he was enjoying her pain. I reveled for a moment
in the power my husband possessed over another young girl impaled on his massive
prick. I wasn't surprised at all when Lynda started responding to Bob's painful
thrusts.

Bob ground his pelvis into her flaccid flesh as Lynda strained up against him,
arching her hips, lifting them off the mattress. The bed began to squeak and
strain beneath them. Lynda began whimpering incessantly beneath my husband's
pounding body, her head flailing from side to side on the mattress in wild
abandon.

"Oooohhhhh ... fuck ... me. Do it good!" she whimpered breathlessly, wrapping
her long shapely legs around his thrusting hips. I watched as my husband began
furiously thrusting his thick prick into the depths of her young eager pussy. I
watched hypnotized while Lynda moaned steadily in a low whimpering whine that
sounded like a little lost puppy.

"Oooohhhh ... Oh, shit! Oh, shit! Oh, shit!" Lynda moaned in ragged breaths and
in rhythm to my husband's thick prick plunging into her. I watched, fascinated,
as the young girl became increasingly wilder, writhing her hips and frantically
clawing at Bob's broad, muscular back. "I'm doin' it! Oooohhhh ... I'm going ...
all ... the way!" Lynda cried, helplessly out of her mind with ecstasy. She
screamed once more, arching her back and hips off the mattress. Then she
collapsed, her body quivering in tiny spasmodic tremors. Bob continued to thrust
into her limp body for several more seconds, then he tensed. And I sighed
deeply, knowing he was shooting his thick hot cum deep into the unconscious
young girl's palpitating pussy.

Bob rolled from between Lynda's limply splayed thighs. I stared at the wet
swollen lips of her open young pussy. Bob waved for me to come out, and I slowly
pushed the door open and walked to the foot of the bed. I still didn't know that
Lynda had passed out and I tried not to shake the bed as I crawled up between
her legs.

I stared into the mass of curly brown hairs. They were soaked with her juice,
and the heady aroma from her swollen pussy wafted into my nostrils in maddening
whiffs. My breath quickened as I looked between the swollen pink lips, a thick,
creamy stream of my husband's cum oozing slowly from the tight pink inner
opening. My pussy was trembling maddeningly as my fingers gently spread the
moist lips. I saw Lynda's eager swollen pussy contracting ... or maybe I was
imagining it. My nostrils flared and I quivered at the overpowering pungent
aroma of her used pussy.

I ran my tongue lightly over her pink flesh into the deep pink folds. The salty
taste of my husband's thick cum mingled with Lynda's sweet juice, excited me
tremendously. I buried my face in her wet folds, and Lynda moaned softly and
rotated her hips up against me ever so slightly.

I opened my lips slightly and sucked her tiny rigid clitoris into my mouth, my
tongue darting out and fluttering around its erectness. My eager, hungry mouth
tasted her young hot juices as I ground my pussy into the mattress. I could feel
my husband's eyes burning hotly into us, and I reached out with my right hand
and gripped the thick, throbbing shaft of his huge hardened prick.

Lynda began moaning louder as I sucked Bob's cum madly from her wet eager pussy.
I looked up and saw that Lynda had raised up on her elbows. She was staring down
at me with wide-eyed, open-mouthed surprise. Then she looked at Bob and smiled!
Bob leaned over and kissed her fully and passionately on her moist lips. Lynda's
parted legs came up over my shoulders and she locked her slender ankles behind
my neck. I began licking as deep as I could into the depths of her inner lips,
and little Lynda writhed her hot young pussy up to me.

I pushed my eager tongue up the slippery sheath of her quivering pussy, feeling
her pink walls contracting tightly around it. No wonder Bob raved about how good
Lynda could fuck with muscle control like that in her beautiful young pussy! She
moaned and writhed harder as I licked at the sides of her smooth pussy, sucking
up the salty-sweetness of their mingled juices.

"Ooohhh! I love that ... don't ever stop ... please!" Lynda whimpered weakly and
I noticed Bob was sucking on her tiny hardened nipples. I couldn't help
wondering which one of us she was talking to. Then she answered my question.

"Oh, shit, eat me! Eatme ... eatme ... eatme," she whined incessantly. Her legs
opened wide and she drew up her knees to open her sweet pussy as wide as she
could for my frantically licking tongue. I slid my hands under the full
quivering cheeks of her ass, pulling the upturned crevice of her pussy tighter
against my face. She whimperingly pleaded for more.

"Oooohhh, shit! Yesss ... yessss," she hissed through clenched teeth. "Ooohh,
shit! My titties ... squeeze my titties! Oh ... eatme ... eatme ... eat my
pussy!" Bob was working on her firm young titties, digging his fingers into the
magnificent spheres. She groaned loudly, jerking her writhing hips spastically
against my face.

My pussy was itching and burning madly as I ground it against the mattress. My
lips lost contact with her tiny clitoris as she began writhing frantically. I
pressed my face back into her grasping pussy, searching, then finding her erect,
throbbing clitoris, sucking and nibbling on its velvety slipperiness the way Bob
did to mine. My fingernails firmly grasped her wildly gyrating asscheeks in each
hand, holding her pussy tightly to my mouth.

"Suckme ... suckme ... suckme ... Oooohhh ... shit!" Lynda whimpered
incoherently.

Her soft warm thighs closed around my head, gripping me tightly. Her body rocked
back and forth, carrying my sucking mouth along with her wildly grasping young
pussy. I felt the slender fingers of her right hand entangle in my long blonde
hair, her head was flailing from side to side, her small, full lips were pulled
back against her tiny white teeth in a grimace of sheer ecstasy.

A mournful sob burst from her tortured lips as she pushed her full young ass off
the mattress, carrying my sucking lips with her.

"Oh, shit! Oh, shit! I'm going! Oh, my God! I'm going all the way!" Lynda
moaned, her mouth gaping wide, eyes clenched tight in the ecstasy of her orgasm.
She mumbled incoherently over and over, her young shapely body shuddering
convulsively as she clamped her thighs tightly around my head. Shudders and
tremors shook her body uncontrollably and a low shrilled cry came from somewhere
deep in her trembling body. I could feel her wet pussy become even wetter and
the pink inner lips sucked on my tongue.

Lynda went limp then, but her lovely young body continued to quiver. I raised my
head and looked at my husband. He was smiling down at me as I crawled over
Lynda's splayed thighs into his arms. We kissed. Bob sucked my tongue deep into
his hot mouth. He moaned hotly into my open mouth when he tasted Lynda's sweet
young juice on my tongue. I felt the hugeness of his hardened prick against my
belly, and I moaned in his ear for him to fuck me.

He said he wanted to take some Polaroids of Lynda and I while she was still
unconscious. He got up and got the camera. There were seven photographs left on
the roll and we had only one flashbulb. I snuggled up close to Lynda and put her
limp left arm around my neck and her right hand on my pussy. I put my right leg
between her widespread legs and my left hand spread the wet, slippery lips of
her sweet young pussy wide open. I leaned over near her firm right titty,
sticking my tongue out until it touched her tiny brown, erect nipple. Bob took
the photograph from Lynda's side of the bed and it turned out beautifully. It
looked just like Lynda was conscious and had just closed her eyes in ecstasy.

Bob crawled quickly between my legs and shoved his thick hardened shaft almost
brutally into my wet passion-swollen pussy. Bob's wonderful prick had just
started jerking wildly and spewing his thick hot cum deep into my palpitating
pussy when Lynda came to and rolled over against us. She smiled at me and ran
her hot slender fingers down to my cock-filled pussy. Her touch was so electric
and thrilling that I cried out with the pleasure of it.

Her fingers caressed the thick shaft of my husband's prick which protruded from
my tightly grasping pussy. Bob pulled his prick out after it had finished
shooting his hot juice into me, and he rolled over Lynda. Lynda's fingers
continued caressing my swollen cum-smeared pussy. I put my hand behind her head
and pulled her mouth down to mine.

Her pretty face came down eagerly, her lips parted as they came softly and hotly
in contact with mine. Her tiny pink tongue slipped teasingly between my lips and
I moaned, feeling the small hardened nipple of her firm right titty pressing
deliciously against mine. Lynda's hand began caressing my full titties, and her
small full lips nibbled down my throat, across the velvety skin of my shoulder
to my arched and aching titties. The sixteen-year-old began to delicately suck
the first one, then the other ... her tongue was sending shivers of pleasure
through every fiber of my trembling body. Her hands were caressing my belly and
thighs. I trembled uncontrollably as her right hand reached the wet downy lips
of my cum-filled pussy. The thought that this beautiful sixteenyear-old girl
would soon be licking my husband's cum from my pussy sent even stronger and more
maddening thrills through my whole being.

Lynda's fingers slipped through the slipperiness on my pussy-lips and found my
erect throbbing clitoris. She began sensually touching it, caressing its
maddening sensitiveness. I began moaning and whimpering as her lips moved down,
licking maddeningly at my quivering stomach. Her full lips found my wet swollen
slit and her tiny hot tongue replaced the fingers. The strange, searing pleasure
soared intensely through my thighs, pussy, and heaving belly. Lynda's fingers
opened my slippery lips and her tongue slipped into me ... I gasped and began
undulating my hips, spreading my legs as wide as possible, letting the intense
pleasure between my thighs grow stronger and stronger as her mouth and tongue
sent chills of ecstasy through every nerve end that I possessed.

My hips began jerking, and I drew my knees up hard against my jiggling breasts
to open my pussy as wide as I could. Her hands pulled the upturned crevice of my
pussy wide apart, stretching it cruelly as I begged for more. Her tiny pink
tongue slid wetly down the crevice to the tiny pucker of my asshole, pressing
the tip hard against it, until it gave ever so slightly and her tongue entered.
The wildest and most exquisitely wonderful sensations flowed through my ass. I
shrieked out my pleasure shrilly.

I felt and heard Lynda moan heavily into the open wet lips of my pussy. I raised
up weakly on my elbows and looked down at Lynda's face buried between my splayed
thighs. My husband was kneeling between her thighs, rubbing the massive swollen
head of his throbbing blood-filled prick up and down between the smooth white
spheres of Lynda's ass. He pushed forward and Lynda's tongue froze in my pussy
and her body tensed.

As Bob's hips slid forward, Lynda slowly relaxed and her tongue began its
maddening thrusts again. My husband began pounding hard and fast into Lynda, and
she moaned and her tongue matched the rhythm of his thrusting prick. The
pressure of Bob's thrusts was buffeting Lynda and I in its delicious tempo.

My head dropped back onto the mattress and I wondered fleetingly if he had his
huge, thick prick in her asshole. I didn't think so. Bob had tried that with me,
but his prick was just too big.

My fingers entwined in Lynda's soft brown hair and writhed my pussy hard against
the hot pressure of her tongue. I watched my husband's lust-contorted face
running excitedly over my quivering titties and little Lynda's head bobbing
lewdly between my widespread thighs. I saw his lips compress tightly and his
sexy blue eyes roll back in his head as he tensed with his eight inch prick
buried in Lynda's sexy round ass.

I knew he was climaxing and, from the way Lynda had slowed down, I thought she
was too. Her fingernails dug painfully into the tender quivering flesh of my
upturned ass. I moaned with the pleasure-pain, and Lynda went limp, sprawling
across my heaving belly.

Little Lynda, Bob and I had one more get-together before she suddenly decided
not to talk to us. Every time Bob and I go to the movie where she works, she
always gives us the cold shoulder. But my pussy starts itching madly every time
I see her.

At our last time together, while Bob had gone to get some cigarettes, Lynda told
me about her sex life: A neighborhood boy that was going to college raped her
repeatedly when she was only thirteen. She hadn't let a boy do it to her again
until this past summer when she let her boy friend talk her into letting him and
three of his friends eat her. They made her so hot that she let all of them fuck
her. She thought my husband was the "grooviest" guy she had ever met.

After her rape, her sister seduced her and they are still carrying on their
affair. Lynda admitted that sex with boys was exciting, but until Bob fucked her
she had never climaxed until she was with her older sister.

Chapter 4
John and Mary are not only AC/DC but our latest swinging friends. The following
letter came to us before we visited them.

Hello, Oct. 21

This is Mary and I enjoyed your letter very much. Connie is very pretty and I'm
very anxious to help you, Bob, make love to her and have you two return the
pleasure. The photographer friend in my ad is my husband, John. We did it that
way to get the ad free.

A little about us, I am twenty, 5'4", 110 pounds and John (hubby) is 5'11" and
195 pounds. He teaches college here in Houston. We enjoy all things about sex
and I enjoy making photos and really wild groovy movies. We enjoy group sex the
most, like two men lovin' on me at once; or a boy and girl lovin' on me and of
course photos of everything. John can give you copies of any photos we make
before you leave.

When you get here just give us a call and we will make plans to meet somewhere
for a groovy party. We would love to have you at our home. I'm enclosing some
photos of John and myself that we thought you two would enjoy. You can keep them
if you wish. Here are your photos back so you can use them again.

Looking forward to hearing from you again. Write soon,

Mary and John


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Dear John and Mary, Oct. 23

Bob and I just recieved your nice letter and wonderfully sexy photos just a
short while ago and I just had to sit down and write you. I can't remember how
much we said in our letter ... so I'll just start at the beginning and tell you
everything.

Bob is 30, 5'10", 150 pounds, beautiful blue-grey eyes and long sandy colored
hair. Bob is very virile and completely experienced in almost all the
wonderfully sexciting things Swingers do! And he posesses the most beautiful
prick in the world and its size matches his experience. It's eight inches long
and two and a quarter across its beautiful head and when he comns WOW! It's
shoots so hard and makes me feel so dreamy!

Now for the dull, but eager half. I'm twenty years old and a natural blonde with
a blonde eager pussy. I'm 5'51/2", 126 pounds and 36B-25-36. I went to the
University of Wyoming in Laramie last year and really had a wild sex-ball! I'm
very uninhibited and until I got married I was very promiscuous ... I still am a
little bit. I love to pose for uninhibited photos and I'm looking forward to
posing with you for some groovy ones.

From your letter, Mary, it sounds as if you and I are quite alike. There isn't
anything more sexciting to me than having at least two experienced men making
love to me at the same time. Bob also enjoys it. We have had several parties
with single girls and AC/DC couples and they were really wonderful! Here's an
example of how we like our parties:

Bob and I had a party with a very pretty and sexy single girl in Denver,
Colorado last month. I got so sexcited watching Bob kissing and caressing her,
later when all three of us were naked and in bed we couldn't help coming in
contact with each other. I was sucking on Bob's huge prick and Judy was kissing
him and began slowly moving down until we were sharing his prick. Several times
we kissed each other passionately with my husband's prick pressed tightly
between our cheeks. We took turns sucking his prick and balls, at the same time
we caressed each others' full titties. When Bob finally shot his comn it was in
Judy's mouth and after he'd finished she pulled away and gave me a passionate
french kiss. I sucked some of his comn out of her mouth and we both swallowed it
then.

Later, after Bob had given us both a hard wild fuck we made love to each other
and it was really wonderful. Mary, tell me about the things you two like,
especially you. Your figure is very sexy and I can hardly wait to kiss and
caress your pouty little titties and taste the sweetness of your mound. I hope
you feel the same way about me.

Bob and I have a small log cabin over-looking Jackson's Hole. Maybe this coming
summer you and John could come up for a visit and we could all go up there for a
week or so?

I was thinking about us getting a suite at the Holiday Inn there in Houston. But
Bob said you might prefer us to come to your house so John won't have to cart
all his camera equipment around. Which ever you think best. I just hope we don't
get to Houston at the wrong time for you two.

I'll end for now ... please write soon and tell us all about your likes and
dislikes. I'll tell you everything Bob said about Mary in my next letter. It was
all very, very good. I've got a feeling when my husband puts that huge prick in
me tonight he'll be thinking about that plump little pussy of yours, Mary. That
goes for me, too. I'll be thinking about both of you

Love and Piece

Bob and Connie


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Dear Bob and Connie Oct. 27

Your letter arrived in the mail a few hours ago and as you are so like us I felt
I should answer you right away. To be perfectly honest, John wrote the last
letter you recieved. I generally don't care to write the first letter as I am
invariably disappointed in the answer.

I don't know what John told you about us. Like you Connie I am only twenty but
will qualify for membership in December. I'd not be very modest if I told you my
opinion of my looks. I might just paint a picture that you would consider
unreal.

John is twenty-nine (30 in December also) 5'11", 180 pounds. I wouldn't call him
inattractive for his weight though. He is large boned and it suits him. His hair
is soft, curly and quite brown. His eyes are the color of an angry sea ... dark
blue. Inspite of his lack of literary talent he is a college professor. Physics
is his love but for the present he is stuck in mathematics.

We were married three years ago. It was the typical story of run aways. Luckily
(since I was 17) my parents decided not to interfer. They have been sorry ever
since, as I have never been so happy. We have been remarried twice since then,
once to make it legal; the other for the church (Orthodox).

John and I met each other on campus one evening. We went to bed the next and
God, did he ever drive me crazy. He fucked me ALL night long! On the third he
asked me to marry him. I guess he must have thought I had a hot pussy. Frankly I
was rather an amatuer. I'd slept around a lot but this was the first time I had
really been turned on ... and how! I've learned so much since then that I wonder
what he thought of the crude way I fucked back to him then? I find a man shows
his true character in bed. I have made so dear friends this way, male and
female. Once you know someone sexually what is there to hide? People become
people not actors when they "drop their pants" so to speak.

I love a good time with a passionte person. I love BIG COCKS!

I do hope that you will come and visit us in Houston. We'll take you to a place
I bet you've never been to before. There is in the city a club especially
designed for swingers. Swingers are the only members. It is a great place to
meet other Swingers. We just meet there, get to know each other and invite
people home or go to theirs. We have met some wonderful people and had some
really wild parties. Most, if not all, of the members are professional people.

We have one child, who is a year old. We do have an excellent sitter and several
nurseries to chose from, one of which is open 24 hours.

We would invite you to stay in our home, but we have no room to put you up. We
are living in a rented house and our guest area has only one twin bed.

Well, I've gotten very wordy and said very little about our sex feelings. What
can I say? I enjoy anything new, I can go all night and it sounds like Bob is my
kind of man. I'm very anxious to feel all that hot meat of his in my cunt. John
can last a long time, too. In fact everytime we come home from a party he asks
me for seconds. He really goes wild when he fucks his cock into me after some
other hot stud has given me a good fucking. At parties I do like to switch
around a lot but if I find someone that really knows how to fuck a woman you'll
find me with him all night! I like variety ... as John said in the first letter
I love to have as many cocks as possible.

John arranged a massive gang-bang with a bunch of boys on campus. Of course they
didn't know I was his wife. There were fourteen of them and two had cocks almost
as big as Bob's. I lost count of how many times they fucked me, I know some of
them fucked me three times. I sucked six of them off the first time. I love to
have a guy's come shooting down my throat!

We really enjoyed your photos. Bob is very handsome and you were right. He DOES
have a beautiful cock! Connie, you're just simply, BEAUTIFUL! There is no other
way to describe you ... and John and I both are looking forward to tasting the
sweetness of your equally beautiful, little blonde pussy!

Well this letter really is far too long. Do write soon. I am dying to hear some
of Bob's wit.

Sleep Tight,

Mary and John


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Dear John and Mary, Oct. 30

Sorry I'm so late in answering your letter. I've been pretty busy. We had a
swinging party in Denver again and my pussy is still swollen from all the
sexciting pricks I had there!

We'll leave the decision of where we stay up to you. As long as you're where Bob
and I can get to you we won't care if we're on an ice-berg. Bob's going to write
a letter in a few minutes. All the things he's been saying about you really turn
me on. I can't wait to see him fucking his big prick into that sexy little pussy
of yours. I feel the same as you do about sex ... especially men. The bigger his
prick is, the better I like it. But I even love little ones! My thing is feeling
them squirting deep inside me. I can't see how some women can't stand to suck a
man's prick all the way, can you?

I love to suck men all the way. Especially someone that comes as violently as
Bob does. He always has a powerful orgasm. I love to have more than one man
fucking. Three are the most I ever had and it was really wonderful. That
gangbang you had really sounded out of this world! Do you think John could fix
one up for both of us? God, but that would be sexciting. Laying all naked next
to you while all those men fuck us! How does that sound to you?

Here are a couple of things I'd like for us to do if you like them.

Have Bob lay on his back, I would kneel over his face and let him eat my pussy
while I suck John's prick and you could sit on Bob with his huge prick in your
sweet pussy and we could all go off at the same time. I'd like for John to fuck
me good while Bob fucks you, then you and I could eat each other's sweet,
slippery pussy. Do you think you'd like that? Let me know some of the things you
want to do.

Here's another, it's really my favorite. Have Bob sit on the edge of the sofa
and you sit on him with his huge prick inside you, facing away from him with
your legs spread too. Then I would get down on my knees between you two and suck
at your clitty and Bob's balls while john fucked his hot prick into me from
behind. Later we could change places.

I'll end for now. Please answer soon.

Love Ya,

Connie


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Dear Mary Oct. 31

Connie and I just came back from a party. It was as dull as we knew it would be.
The hicks around here think that getting drunk and making an ass out of
themselves is having a good time ... to each his own. I've got your photos here
now and needless to say my fucking cock is so hard that it hurts and there's a
wet spot on my pants that keeps growing! I can't help imagining how it would
feel slowly slipping its throbbing hardness into the moist warmth of your
palpitating cunt! Christ! I can almost feel its broad blood-filled head nudging
gently against the resilient lips of your womb.

John hope you don't mind but I'm writing this letter directly to Mary. Not that
I don't want you to read it, just thought I'd tell you.

Mary as for painting a picture of yourself that we would feel was unreal ...
Bull! Start painting! Tell me all the things you like and don't like ... that
will eliminate a lot of 'trial and error' caresses or what have you.

Do you like to suck a big, hot cock off?

Do you like having a guy eat his cum out of your hot twat?

What about 69? Male? Female?

Do you like having a big cock rammed up your hot tight asshole?

I could go on like that for several pages but I'll wait and let you tell me
everything you like and how you like it. Connie thinks I have a gigantic cock
but actually I'm not that big. My best asset is that I can shoot off at least
three good hot times before losing my hard-on. Then after a short rest it's back
up again. Usually during this short period I like to eat the sweet, juicy cunt I
just fucked.

Looking at your photos, Mary, leaves me tongue-tied. All I can think about is
caressing every inch of your lithe, satiny body until both of us are trembling
with need. I want to suck your small, firm tits, feeling their tiny brown
nipples slowly hardening under the teasing caresses of my tongue as the wet
throbbing head of my cock jerks spasmodically against your slender shapely
thigh. I would kiss and lick every inch of your perfectly shaped little tits.
Slowly working down from the hardened nipples to the delicate undersides,
licking and gently nibbling my way down the warm satiny smoothness of your
quivering belly. Stopping at the slight indentation of your belly-button ...
licking in, searching for what sweetness that may hide there. Slowly, very
slowly and lightly my tongue would wetly trail over the slightly quivering plane
of your abdomen. Now my chin is beginning to touch the outer edges of the soft
brown curls of your pussy.

Slowly my tongue would lick into the very edges, my nostrils begin flaring as
they catch the first fleeting drifts of the musky-sweet odor of your heated
desire. My tongue moves around the very edges of the forest of brown curls as
you slowly open your legs wide. Down goes my wetly licking tongue around the
forest's edge until it reaches the dampness of your velvety inner thigh. Then
its wetness moves down the long tapered column to your dainty feet. When it
tires of that foot my eager lips move slowly wetly teasing up the slender column
of the once neglected leg.

As it nears the moistness of your inner thigh it slows down and begins a
sucking, nibbling action as it nears the moist pulsating lips of your hot eager
cunt. Slowly it licks through the moist downy curls until it flicks teasingly
between the desire-swollen lips and then drops down ... down ... down, until my
nose is lightly touching the moist lips as my tongue licks out at the tiny
pucker of your asshole. It wetly teases and then it presses warmly against its
rubbery ring, my hot breath teases at the moist palpitating lips of your eager
young cunt. My tongue presses harder and you moan breathlessly as the puckered
ring gives way to the hard pressure of my invading tongue. I can feel your long
delicate fingers caressing the back of my head as your hips rise urging me to
suck into the wet warmth of your cunt. From your tight puckered little asshole
my tongue licks up the sweet juice that's coming from between your downy cunt
lips. THEN, finally it moves through the curly mist as my fingers spread the wet
swollen lips, exposing the erect throbbing clitoris hidden in the moist pink
folds.

As I look at the tight fleshy pink opening of your inner lips I can see it
palpitating, beckoning me to enter. Now your hips are writhing and your fingers
are digging into the back of my head pulling me into your eager open cunt. My
hungry lips search, then find the small sensitiveness of your clitoris. My lips
capture its ellusive prey and nibbles gently, sucking it into the wet hotness of
my mouth as my tongue flicks against it ... after licking and sucking your
sweetness to the point we're both frantic with the desire to have my cock buried
deep in your moist quivering belly!

Now for another side of life. What are John's main interests other than fucking
the hell out of that hot cunt of yours?

I hope I haven't bored you too much ... as you can see I'm not much of a writer.
Let us know in your next letter the things you really groove with, sexwise. Tell
me about the type of clothes you like to wear, what kind and color panties do
you wear? I guess you think I'm too nosey, huh?

Your Admirer,

g Bob


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Dear Bob and Connie, Nov. 19

Sorry we have taken so long in writing but we have been having "come up for
Thanksgiving" problems. As they insist on us coming to them; we insist they come
to us. It still isn't resolved. By the time I finish this letter, hopefully John
will have reached a decision that will hurt no feelings.

Sometimes I wish we could spend just one holiday at home. Thankfully, we only
have John's set of parents in driving range.

Enough of that. Your letter to me Bob was most dramatic and scorching to say the
least. I can hardly wait to feel that hot tongue and cock of yours in my cunt.
You was absolutely right when you called it my "eager" cunt. It's been ever so
eager since I saw that huge, beautiful prick of yours. Yours is the very first
one that ever made my mouth water as much as my cunt! Gee, but it would be wild
having it fucking into me while I eat John's come out of Connie's sexy little
cunt.

You asked some questions and I'll try to answer them. I love any type of sex,
although I have a hang up as to my ass. It just isn't my bag. If you put that
big thing of yours up my ass it would probably kill me! Does Connie like it in
her big sexy ass?

John is an outdoors person. He hunts, target shoots, tinkers with electronics
and photography, skindives, plays chess and pool (we have a bumper pool table at
home).

As for me, I like indoor sports, fucking for example. I read, dabble in writing,
paint, sew, knit, and so on.

I really am a conservative dresser at heart but John has changed that. The
sexier the better. I wear bikini panties, mostly white but I have pink, blue and
green ones.

Connie you described what you like so well ... it's amazing that we like exactly
the same things. I shiver all over just thinking about licking Bob's big balls
and sucking on your clitoris and then licking up Bob's creamy come as it runs
out of your sweet cunt. Then having you do the same to me ... with Bob's prick
in me. Making love with you after the guys have given us both a good fucking is
great with me.

I talked John into lining us up twelve boys from college. You and I will drive
out to this little cabin and the boys will come to us. There's only one big old
bed and it will be nice feeling your soft warm body next to mine while they fuck
us. After they leave we can make love. Connie with twelve guys fucking us we'll
be filled and covered with their creamy come. My cunt is fairly burning as I
write this, thinking about rubbing our bodies together and feeling all that hot
come smeared all over us! I'll probably have to stop and finger myself to a come
before I finish this letter.

Last Saturday evening we went to the club here in town and met two couples, one
we knew; one we did not. After, an enjoyable social evening we retired to Jack's
yacht in Saybrook. Jack and I slipped off to an aft cabin. After becoming
comfortably settled Jack slowly caressed me into a heat I cannot express. A
feeling of anticipation that if prolonged becomes very hard to bear. Then I felt
his wonderfully hot cock enter and fill my cunt. With every powerful and slow
thrust we strained towards each other. No words were spoken, the pleasure
growing within us both was too strong for words. Our breathing grew shorter and
his thrusts harder, swifter, my hips reaching up to meet his and then the reward
... all sound muffled, my legs locked around his back for our final, intense
thrust. As I felt deep inside the warmth of his seed from within my cunt came
the explosion that carried throughout my body, releasing my mind, suspending it
for a few heady moments. Finally, a silent relaxed warmth covered us as we
remembered the seconds past.

Though badly written is the wonderful fucking I got last week-end. I just know
Bob will be capable of doing a much better job on me. Bob's cock is bigger and
he's a lot younger than Jack.

I guess I should tell you about some of John's amourous adventures. He's been
fucking this cute little brunette in one of his classes. Peggy is really a hot
piece and John says that she has one of those hot, grasping cunts that can pull
a guy off. We've been trying to figure out a way to introduce her to swinging.
I'm anxious to find out if John really felt her cunt squeezing on his tongue
when he ate her. Wouldn't it be nice if we worked it so she would join us when
you came down!

I'm sending you a photo of John laying on his back with his cock up Jerri
Cranes' young cunt and I'm sitting on John's face. Jerri is another co-ed that
John had in one of his classes. But the first time he fucked her she asked him
if he knew any girls that liked to eat pussy. She said that she had never been
with another girl and wanted to know what it would be like. So John brought her
home one night. She was really the wildest girl I ever met but a long way from
being a virgin when it came to other women! She got pregnant by some guy and
they got married. I've often wondered if it was John's ... I know he was fucking
her even while she was going with that guy.

Write soon and let us know when you'll be here.

Sleep Tight,

Mary


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Dear Mary, Nov. 22

Just a few quick lines to let you know that we'll call you Thanksgiving day and
make arrangements to meet. We probably won't be able to get away from his folks
until the 30th.

Bob was fucking this hot little girl and wanted to share her with me. This is
what we did to get her in bed with us both. I hid when Bob brought her home and
after they had fucked and each other I just crawled in bed with them. She was
scared but she didn't say a single word and later she really loosened up and was
eating me, too.

You are so sexciting that I wish we lived next door so we could share our men
and each other all the time. I'm beginning to think that I'm falling in love
with you, kinda

Love Ya,

Connie

Chapter 5
Bob and I drove to Beaumont to have Thanksgiving with his Uncle's family. We
arrived there late in the afternoon. I called Mary as soon as we got there and
we talked for almost an hour. She had the cutest Southern drawl and I wanted to
listen to her for hours.

Bob made reservations at the Holiday Inn in Houston for Sunday. I told Mary that
we would call again when we got settled there. But in Beaumont, I met and mated
with Travis, Bob's sixteen year old cousin!

Travis is beautiful. He's much too pretty to be a boy ... but, oh boy, is he
ever all male! Bob was laying down taking a nap that first afternoon. Every one
else was shopping or doing something away from the house. I was tired but
restless, and I didn't want to sleep. I was sitting in the living room, watching
a football game on television when Travis came home. I smiled at him and he
couldn't take his sexy green eyes off my bare thighs. I wore a thin pink
mini-shift and had my legs curled up under me. He said, "Ya'll must be Connie."

I nodded, shifting my legs so he would have a perfect view of my sheer white
bikini panties. I glanced at the massive bulge under his skin-tight Levis and my
head spun with excitement. I loved the way his eyes lasciviously roamed over my
body.

I don't know how it happened, but he kissed me and I found myself naked on his
bed. There were no words spoken at all. Then he came nakedly against me and
kissed me. I sucked on his tongue greedily, and Travis sucked mine deep into his
mouth. Travis stared into my eyes and I could see the lusty need burning in the
depths of his green orbs. My breath quickened as he cupped my full, aching
titties, tenderly caressing them. His slender feminine-like fingers moved down
over my smooth, quivering belly, gently caressing as my lips clung wetly to his.
Then he explored the soft rise of my eager blonde pussy. I felt his young prick
throbbing impatiently against my trembling thigh--it felt so hard and demanding!

His fingers squeezed my bright pink nipples as his wet tongue licked teasingly
at my throat. Tiny tremors tingled through my heaving belly as he pinched and
rolled my hardened nipples between his fingers. He kissed me again and I sucked
his tongue into my hot eager mouth. Travis became feverish and he moaned hotly
into my open mouth as my fingers wrapped tenderly around his thick blood-filled
shaft. I moaned, feeling its hugeness filling my hand with its throbbing,
resilient heat. I pulled away from Travis and looked down at his young prick.
God, it was even bigger than my husband's! I stared in wide-eyed fascination at
his massive young prick filling my hand so deliciously. His cum glistened wetly
on the deep red tip. Gently and lovingly I pulled the uncircumcised foreskin
back, exposing its even deeper red head. It was so big ... so swollen ... so
massively wonderful!

"Ooohh, baby," Travis moaned against my neck. I shifted and lowered my head,
until the pulsating head of his prick was within a fraction from my full, parted
lips. My soft lips pouted and I kissed the glistening cum smeared over its broad
head. I was trembling with anticipation, wanting Travis' beautiful prick to
shoot his hot cum down my throat. My lips parted and my tongue licked along the
high ridge, tasting the pungent sweetness of his young manly prick. My nostrils
flared as I moaned and opened my mouth, letting my full lips slip tightly over
the broad pulsating head. Travis groaned over and over as my tongue tauntingly
licked around its blood-filled head.

The harder I sucked, the more he moaned, and the more excited I became. I pulled
back and licked and nibbled at its broad head, trying to force my tongue into
the hot gaping mouth. When I had over half of his beautiful young prick in my
mouth, my fingers caressed lightly over the hairy bag and his huge balls which
were heavily laden with his hot youthful cum. Travis' hands gripped the back of
my head, urging his thick shaft deeper into my eager mouth. Both of us were
moaning and writhing with the intense pleasure of each other's bodies.

Travis raised up and watched my mouth bobbing up and down on his wetly
glistening prick. When I felt his heavy cum-laden balls drawing up, I slowed
almost to a stop. I wanted to feel him cum in my mouth, but I wanted to feel
that massive prick shooting into my belly. I pulled away and crawled up beside
him. Our lips met in a deeply demanding kiss. I rolled onto my back, urging
Travis on top of me. He came quickly between my splayed legs. I moaned when I
felt his urgent hands parting the quivering lips of my moist pussy. My body
trembled and writhed uncontrollably as I moaned in abandoned welcome to the
delightful punishment of his huge young prick that sank deeper and deeper into
my wet itching pussy. My face contorted with the pain-pleasure, and sighs of
ecstasy bubbled from my parted lips.

"Fuck me ... fuck me ... fuck me ..." I whimpered as Travis' hands cupped the
full rounded cheeks of my quivering ass, raising me off the mattress and at the
same time straining his prick forward with all his strength. I was moaning
incoherently as I brought my legs up around his slim waist. The soft, velvety
folds of my pussy held him, squeezing tightly around the massive column of his
prick, until I could feel every inch of his throbbing flesh. This was maddening,
only Bob had ever been able to bring me such pleasure.

I cried out as his massive prick buried itself deep in my tortured pussy. I
began writhing up the full length of his thick shaft like a madwoman. His prick
felt like a raging, burning tree-stump inside me, filling and burning every soft
fold of my palpitating pussy.

I moved my rounded ass up tightly against him, feeling the swell of his huge
heavy balls laying delightfully against the wet, widespread crevice of my
upturned ass. The soft, hair-covered skin danced teasingly against the sensitive
pucker of my tiny asshole, sending heavy thrills of lewd delight fluttering
through my quivering belly. There was nothing that could match the deliciousness
of a huge prick driving into my pussy ... not even the ecstasy of another
woman's lips!

"Yes, yes, hard ... fuck me hard ... fuckmehard ... fuckmehard ... deeper ...
Oooh, yes ... way up there," I whimpered as Travis drove his youthful prick deep
into my eager, grasping pussy. We writhed and moaned, no longer human, our
bodies having become something animal as we strained against each other.
Everything was forgotten as I writhed, pushing my ravenously hungry pussy up the
slippery hardened length of his massive prick. Tiny relentless tremors danced
deep in my belly, probing the hot, tingling walls of my palpitating pussy.
Perspiration gathered in hot pools between our heaving, straining bellies. My
insides were splitting painfully ... delightfully as the broad swollen head of
his fiery prick drove deep into my belly, threatening to tear through the
burning senses of my womb.

Then it began spewing wildly, in thick squirting torrents deep into the mouth of
my eager quivering womb. It shot maddeningly into all the hidden recesses of my
burning body. Over and over my body trembled in fiery ecstasy ... as Travis'
huge prick sent whirling, blurred flashes of delight racing through me.

Later, when I snuggled up against Bob and pulled his hardened prick out, I was
still trembling from the memory of Travis' prick. I told Bob about how big it
was and how much he had come inside me. My husband went wild, he licked my
cum-filled pussy until I was crazy with desire. Then he fucked me ... oh, God,
did he ever! It was the best I ever had. The next chance that Travis and I got
to be alone, I sucked that magnificent prick of his all the way off. The
Saturday after Thanksgiving I sneaked out with Travis after everyone had gone to
bed. Of course Bob knew about it, but he didn't care.

Travis and I fucked in the back seat of his car until dawn. He was very good,
and he ate me before and after he fucked me with that huge prick of his. I
sucked him off just before we went weakly back into the house. Bob wanted to
fuck me, but I was too sore and tired. But I knew that I had to do something for
him, so I sucked him off. Bob liked that, but not as much as he would have liked
to fuck me after someone had given me a good fucking.

Chapter 6
We said our good-byes Sunday afternoon and drove to Houston. As soon as we got
settled in our room at the Golden Key Motel I called Mary. She was really happy
to hear from me, but it seemed that John had to go somewhere on college business
and wouldn't be able to join us until Monday night. Mary quickly added that she
could join us for a party tonight if we wanted. I told her that Bob had rented a
car in Beaumont and could come by and pick her up. Mary said that she would be
ready by six-thirty.

I told Bob to try and fuck her before they came back. He informed me that that
was just exactly what he had in mind. I took a shower and put on a pair of sheer
white panties trimmed with pale blue lace, a matching bra and garter belt. Then
I took out my blue nylon empire dress. Bob had bought it for just this occasion.
Bob bought almost all my clothes. His tastes were better than most men and women
when it came to women's clothes. The dress was the most beautiful that I had
ever seen. It had a lower swooping neckline, long flared sleeves and that
waistline was just beneath my breasts. From there it became a full skirt with
tiny, minute pleats, and with every step I took, it caressed my thighs, hips,
abdomen, and the fluffy bulge of my blonde-haired pussy.

By the time it was eight o'clock, I knew that Bob was giving Mary that big hard
prick of his. The thought of her laying in the back seat with her dress up
around her waist, writhing her full naked hips up against the long hard strokes
of hi thick, throbbing prick excited me greatly. I looked at my dress which was
still laying on the bed and decided to slip it on and go down to the lounge and
have a drink.

The lounge was practically empty. There was several men at the bar and two
couples sitting at separate tables. I tingled delightedly and my skin glowed as
I felt all eyes in the room following me to a small table where I could see when
Bob came back. I ordered a vodka collins and fumbled in my purse for my
cigarettes. I lit my cigarette and laid a five-dollar bill on the table when I
saw the barmaid coming.

The pretty, redheaded barmaid informed me that the drink was already paid for.
She pointed toward a tall, lean man in his late forties with steel-grey hair. He
was very distinguished-looking. I smiled at him and raised my drink to salute
him. He returned the gesture. I looked out the window and, when I turned back,
the tall stranger was standing beside me.

He wanted to join me, and I told him that I was expecting my husband at any
moment. I felt my breasts grow taut and my nipples harden under his hotly roving
brown eyes. He started to leave, but then I told him that he was welcome to join
me until my husband came. He smiled and sat down across from me, introducing
himself as George Hadley, a business man from Iowa. I saw Bob and Mary climb the
stairs and enter our room only a few minutes later.

I sat there, my body trembling with anticipation for ten more minutes. I told
George that maybe we would meet again when I had more time. He told me his room
number, then said that he'd buy my husband and I lunch, or something. I thanked
him, bending over to pick up my purse, allowing him a complete view of my full,
firm breasts. Again I was aware of all eyes on me as I slowly and very
provocatively walked out.

My legs were trembling so weakly that I didn't think I was going to make it up
the stairs. Bob opened the door just as I raised my hand to knock. I gasped in
delightful surprise. Bob was completely naked and Mary lay on the bed in a pair
of sheer white lace bikini panties. We smiled at each other, and Bob pulled me
tight against his nakedness. I moaned into his open mouth and writhed my hot,
passion-swollen pussy against his beautiful, throbbing hardness. I moaned louder
when I felt Mary's warm soft body pressing against my back. My hand guided Bob's
thick prick under my dress and between my open thighs. I shuddered, feeling its
pulsating heat sliding wetly against my wet mound; at the same time Mary's
slender fingers came up to cup my full, eagerly straining breasts. I could feel
the hot mound of her pussy pressing against the full cheek of my bottom, her
lips were wetly raining hot teasing kisses along the nape of my neck and in my
sensitive ear.

I felt Mary's fingers unzip my dress and slip over my quivering stomach to pull
my bra up over my taut, trembling breasts. Bob was slowly moving the thick
length of his prick maddeningly back and forth against the moist crotch of my
panties. Mary's fingers were sending tremors rippling through my body as they
tweaked and rolled my hardened nipples. My right hand went back behind me, and I
moaned softly as my fingers came into contact with the hot naked skin of Mary's
stomach. My hand moved down over the quivering swell of her abdomen. The back of
my fingers came to the fluffy rise of her eager pussy under her tight lacy
bikini panties. My fingers curled up between her open thighs, flush against the
wet young pussy. Her panties were so wet and slippery that I knew it was Bob's
cum. I pressed my finger between the swollen lips, forcing the sheer material of
her panties up into the hot, eager wetness of her pussy.

Mary moaned and her right hand left my naked tittie, moving slowly down the full
plane of my belly to the moist downy lips of my eager pussy. My thighs trembled
as I felt her slender finger slip under the tight elastic band of my panties.

Bob's hands pulled my dress forward and down off my shoulders, the soft whispery
noise of the nylon slipping down my body was electrifying. Mary's quick nimble
fingers unhooked my bra and Bob pulled it the rest of the way off. I put my arms
around his neck and kissed him, moaning deeply as Mary's hands slid my panties
down. I stepped out of them without breaking our kiss. Mary whispered for us to
get in bed.

Bob sat on the edge of the bed; I knew he wanted to watch Mary and I, and I
trembled excitedly. As Mary caressed my nipples, my fingers were unconsciously
squeezing my husband's thick manhood. A maddening well of burning desire had
begun building deep in the pit of my quivering belly. I wanted Mary to kiss and
caress my tingling nipples forever. Mary's hand moved up my leg from my knee
until it came hotly into contact with the moist blonde curls covering my
passion-swollen pussy.

I whimpered pleadingly for my husband to lay down with us and Mary's soft, warm
lips found mine in a wildly exciting kiss. Mary's hot tongue slithered wantonly
into my mouth like some wonderful wet serpent. My own flickered at her darting
butterfly tongue in eager sucking movements. Mary's mouth pulled away and began
kissing down my neck across my shoulder to my arched and straining breasts. Her
mouth delicately sucked and nibbled on my hardened nipples as a wild erotic
tremor raced through me. I moaned as her fingers hotly explored my quivering
flesh, tiny whimpers came uncontrollably as her fingers moved through the moist
tufts of blonde down, covering the swollen heat of my desire.

Bob's lips replaced hers on my heaving breasts as Mary's moved down over the
silky quivering flesh of my belly. I cried out as her fingers slipped deep into
the wet passage of my swollen trembling pussy. Seconds later I could feel her
lips nibbling lightly at the moist sensitive skin of my inner thighs. My body
was quivering uncontrollably as I felt her hot breath teasing maddeningly at my
eager palpitating pussy.

Wildly shooting patterns of thrilling sensations moved out through my quivering
loins from the titillating flicks of her tongue. I sucked in my breath with a
loud gasp as I felt her slender fingers spreading the soft downy lips of my wet,
eager pussy. Mary's tongue flicked out, the tip teasing against the tiny erect
bump of my throbbingly sensitive clitoris. She lowered her fingers, spreading
the opening of my tight pussy wider and suddenly dropping her tongue from my
clitoris, pushing it deep into the moist pink folds of my quivering pussy.

I jerked and moaned loudly from the sudden searing contact. I reached down and
grasped my husband's thick, pulsating prick and whispered hoarsely for him to
let me suck him. My nostrils flared as his thick broad shaft came in contact
with my wet full lips. I could still smell Mary's sweet juice on the massive
heat of my husband's prick as I sucked it eagerly into my mouth.

Mary's tongue circled around maddeningly inside my pussy, the licking tip was
like a wildly licking snake. "Oooohhh ... shit ... eat her cunt!" My husband
groaned as his hips started plunging, driving his beautiful prick deep into my
greedily sucking throat. Mary sucked and licked and moaned at the pleasure she
was giving me. She pulled her tongue out of the wet trembling folds of my pussy
and licked down until she found the tiny round pucker of my asshole.

I moaned passionately against Bob's thrusting prick as the tip of Mary's tongue
ran back and forth hotly over my puckered hole. I pulled Bob's prick out of my
mouth and moaned breathlessly for him to fuck Mary. I felt his weight leave the
bed as Mary's snakelike tongue moved back between the swollen lips of my pussy.

Suddenly Mary moaned sorrowfully into my open pussy, and I raised up on my
elbows and looked down. Bob had pulled Mary's lower body off the bed and was
furiously ramming his thick heated shaft into her. The force of his lunges were
buffeting Mary's frantically licking mouth deliciously against me very much.

My head dropped back onto the mattress and my hips began writhing up hard
against Mary's face. Mary's lips trapped my throbbing clitoris between her small
full lips and her tongue fluttered against it, sending thrills of ecstasy
sparkling wildly through my belly.

Then, suddenly, Mary cried out and her lips clamped down almost painfully on my
sensitive clitoris. I heard Bob's familiar groan and I knew that Mary was once
again feeling my husband's thick prick spewing wildly into the hidden recesses
of her burning pussy. Then, as I felt Mary's fingernails dig painfully into the
full quivering cheeks of my ass, her lips and body went limp.

Bob crawled up and rubbed the slippery glistening head of his stillhardened
prick against my parted lips. I moaned and sucked it greedily into my mouth, the
salty sweet taste of their heady juices was maddening. I caressed the heavy
weight of his balls in my hand as his fingers tweaked and rolled my hardened
nipples. While I sucked steadily on Bob's prick, I felt Mary snuggle up against
me. Her small hot tittie pressed sweetly against mine and she pushed her wet
furry mound against my hip.

My left hand went down between her legs, feeling my husband's hot slipperiness
smeared lewdly on her slender thighs and hot wet mound. I heard her sharp intake
of breath when my finger slipped between her passion-swollen lips. Mary's small
hand guided my exploring finger to her small clitoris. Mary gripped my hand with
both of hers and began writhing hard against it. Bob pulled his huge, glistening
prick away from me and told me to eat his cum out of Mary.

I sat up and quickly turned around on the bed. I began eagerly licking my
husband's cum from her thighs. I felt Bob lay down behind me and I felt Mary's
hands guiding the broad head of his prick into the wetness of my pussy. I moaned
and buried my face in her sticky curls, pushing my tongue as deep as it would
go, while my husband's prick slid slowly and deliciously into the depths of my
quivering belly.

I sucked on the slippery folds of her inner lips, and Mary's tongue was busy
licking at the widely stretched lips of my pussy and the thick base of my
husband's furiously thrusting prick. I sucked the small slipery bump of Mary's
clitoris into my mouth greedily. All three of us were trembling and writhing in
uncontrollable ecstasy, and Bob and Mary groaned and shuddered through their
orgasms.

We lay relaxed, gasping hoarsely for control of our breaths. I felt my husband's
prick slowly deflating in the depths of my wildly contracting pussy. I moaned
softly as he slowly pulled his deflated prick from the tight hot grasp of my
pussy.

A few minutes later we were laying in a deeply relaxed state, smoking and
talking. I told them about George, and Bob and Mary both wanted me to call him.
The thought of his lean hardness pounding eagerly into me was exciting and I
suggested they hide in the closet and watch. Mary thought it was a great idea
and said she knew plenty of men she could call if we wanted. It sounded good to
both Bob and I, and we decided not to hide. But to have all of them up one at a
time.

When I called George's room, I got no answer so I called the lounge. He was
there. He was both surprised and pleased to hear from me so soon. I told him
that we were having a private party and had an extra girl ... Me. I told him to
bring a bottle or two and join us. Mary squealed delightedly when Bob pinched
the hardened nipple of her small tittie. Poor George almost dropped the phone
and ran over to our room when I told him exactly what had happened.

I quickly slipped my blue dress back on and Mary slipped into her tiny pink
mini-shift. We were fairly respectable when George knocked on the door a few
minutes later. I introduced him to Bob and Mary as friends. After we were
relaxed with our drinks George offered to take us to a stag show if we were not
too easily shocked. Bob, Mary and I all broke into hysterical laughter.

Then I informed George that we had several wild and sexy movies ourselves, and
we were wondering if he'd be shocked. He wouldn't. While Bob was setting up the
projector, Mary and I started working on George. I sat in his lap and kissed him
teasingly, feeling his manly prick throbbing to life under my full squirming
bottom. I whispered in his ear to look at Mary, that she didn't have on any
panties.

Mary was sitting across from us, watching Bob set up the projector. We had a
perfect view of wetly glistening thighs and the matted brown down of her pussy.
I pulled George's hand under my full dress and he groaned and I giggled when his
hand came in contact with my bare pussy. I whispered in his ear that Bob had
fucked both of us before he came and that I was still burning up for more. I
parted my trembling thighs so his probing fingers could finger my wet swollen
pussy.

As George's fingers slipped into the slipperiness of my cum-filled pussy I
moaned and writhed. Mary came over behind me and ran her hands down into the
neckline of my dress, cupping both naked, sensitive titties. I told George not
to forget that Mary had a sweet little pussy that needed petting, too. I felt
his arm release my shoulder and I heard Mary moan softly and squeeze my titties
harder.

We piled onto the bed when Bob said everything was ready. George was between
Mary and I and Bob was next to Mary. We had George's hardened prick out before
the titles flashed on the screen. Mary's left hand was caressing Bob's prick,
her right fondling George's balls. I bent forward and began to teasingly lick
around the head of his prick. George was moaning and pushing his prick up
against my wildly flicking tongue. I looked over at Mary and saw two different
hands plunging wildly into her wet eager young pussy.

Bob flipped the projector off since no one was watching. Then he got a wonderful
idea. We stripped and George lay with his knees off the bed, and I was sucking
greedily on his pulsating prick while Mary sat over his face and he ate Bob's
cum out of her swollen young pussy. Bob got on his knees behind me and slipped
his prick up into the depths of my belly, its broad head nudging deliciously
against the eager, resilient lips of my womb.

All four of us writhed in abandoned passion until I felt George's prick begin
jerking wildly, then I swallowed frantically to keep from losing any of his
thick hot cum. Before it had finished spewing, Mary cried out her climax and
then I felt Bob's hot cum spewing wildly deep into the hidden recesses of my
pussy as it contracted wildly around his thick jerking prick.

Later, Mary sucked George's limp prick back to hardness. Bob and I lay with our
heads toward the foot of the bed. Mary and I began licking at the hot sweetness
of each other's cum-filled pussy. At the same time George and Bob slipped their
hardened pricks into us and we writhed and licked to another group orgasm.

The night moved quickly after that. Bob had drank himself into a stupor as he
sat watching as the boys Mary called came in pairs. There had been eight, all
young, all horny, and all eager to please two passionate and beautiful girls.
Mary and I made love again before she left. She promised to call us later in the
afternoon after John came home to make arrangements for another party.

Bob and I fell asleep in each other's arms, his thick prick buried snugly in the
hot depths of my cum-filled pussy. My hair, breasts, belly, hips, ass and thighs
were sticky with the lewd cum of all those men. I woke up with the delicious
feeling of Bob's thick massive prick throbbing and wildly shooting another hot
thick load of cum into me.

It was four in the afternoon when Bob and I came out of the shower together,
both completely refreshed. Bob had gotten a beautiful hard-on while we were in
the shower until I flipped on the cold spray! We were both starving, for food
and for each other. We decided to feed our stomachs first, then feed our burning
need for each other. After a swinging party I always marveled at just how
wonderful Bob is and how much I love and need him.

Bob was dressed and sitting in the easy chair, watching me. I could feel his
sexy eyes roving hotly over the nakedness of my back as I combed the tangles out
of my long blonde hair. I felt like teasing him, and I stood up and lightly
brushed the tangled blonde curls of my plump pussy. He groaned loudly and jumped
up, saying he would meet me in the restaurant. I giggled, noticing the
tremendous bulge of his hardness.

After he slammed the door I hurriedly finished dressing. I put on a fleshcolored
net bra, sheer white gauze panties, pale blue sweater and a very short, white,
full-pleated mini-skirt. I put my hair up in two ponytails, Bob liked that, he
said it made me look like a child with a hot sexy body. Before I left, I decided
to wear nylons, and I put on my lacy white garterbelt and blacktextured nylons.

Bob had already ordered our dinner when I got there. He was drinking Jack
Daniels on the rocks and I decided to have a Bloody Mary. After we had finished
eating, we called Mary. No one answered. That kind of puzzled us at first, then
the more we thought about it, the madder we got. Bob said that if they weren't
sincere enough, or interested enough to call or wait for us, he didn't want to
bother with them. I agreed, even if I was disappointed.

There were several nice couples that we could have called and possibly met on
our way home.

Chapter 7
There was Sandy and Tom in Lovington, New Mexico. They weren't AC/DC and we had
only had one letter from them, but they seemed very nice. Sandy was a slender,
sexy blonde, and Tom was fairly nice-looking. We had a standing invitation to
call them anytime.

There was a sexy brunette in Mesquite, Texas, Jane. She and her husband were
both AC/DC. Jane was 28, 5'4", 128 pounds, 36-26-38 and from the one letter we
received from them they seemed to be quite uninhibited.

We decided to drive around for a while. Bob stopped at a phone booth and I
called Sandy and Tom, no one answered. We called Jane and again no answer. We
were both feeling pretty low then.

So we stopped at a lounge and had several drinks. But we weren't really in the
mood to drink, and we left, heading back to the motel. Bob pulled into a service
station to gas up and use the rest room. Before he got out, he said I should
show the young attendant my sexy little pussy.

The boy was kind of cute with a baggy blue uniform on. Bob stopped and spoke to
him, the boy nodded his head and walked around the car to the pump. I turned. My
knees were pointing toward the steering wheel. I pulled my pleated skirt up past
my nylons and parted my thighs. I felt my full breasts tighten and my hot
nipples harden with tingling anticipation as the boy started cleaning the
windshield. His hand stopped in mid-stroke, and I knew he had been startled by
the complete view of my full thighs above my nylons and the blonde curls visible
around the legs of my sheer panties.

I slowly ran my hand up the inside of my thigh until my finger tips touched the
moist nylon of my panties. My finger ran slowly and sensuously up and down the
moist quivering lips of my burning pussy. I began uncontrollably to rotate my
hips against my finger, and the boy continued to rub the same spot on the
windshield. I could feel his young eyes burning deliciously into my hips and
writhing pussy. The boy looked up nervously and saw Bob coming. He quickly moved
to the other windows.

When Bob got in, I was still rubbing the sensitive area of my clit through my
now soaked panties. Bob smiled and ran his right hand down into my panties. I
gasped as his strong finger slipped into the wet curls and rubbed furiously
against my erect throbbing clitoris. My body trembled with the maddening
pleasure of his finger and knowing the boy was watching. As the boy started
cleaning my side of the windshield, I began moaning and whimpering loudly.

Bob pulled away when the boy came around to collect the money for the gas. I
moaned hotly to Bob that I wanted the boy to fuck me. Bob smiled and winked at
me, then he handed the boy a five-dollar bill.

"Are you working alone today, kid?" my husband asked the nervous and flushed
boy.

"Y... yes sir. U ... until six." The boy could hardly speak and his dirty hands
shook and his eyes were still glued to my open thighs.

"I think I've got a knot on one of my tires. Think you could put it on the rack
and check it out?" Bob's right hand slid slowly up and down my thigh as he
spoke.

"Y ... yes sir." The poor boy was about to faint I thought.

Bob got back out and looked around for a second. "Is there a drugstore close
by?" he asked the trembling boy.

"Yes sir, just down in the next block ... on the right." The boy pointed in the
general direction.

"Good. You check those tires carefully. I'll be back in a few minutes." Bob
looked in the car and said, "Do you want anything, honey?"

I shook my head, and he winked and walked slowly down the street. The boy got in
and tried nervously to start the car. After several tries he got it started and
pulled into the garage. I sat there facing him, my eyes running over the bulge
of his hardened prick. I reached over and turned the radio on, my face just a
few inches from his. Both of us were breathing heavily as I turned my face up to
him. He had sexy brown eyes that stared nervously into my sexy blue ones.

"Why don't you close the door and come back and talk to me?" I said in a soft
and low voice, my hand caressing his trembling thigh lightly. He gulped hard and
just shook his head okay. While he was gone, I slipped my wet panties off and
laid them on the dashboard where I knew he'd be sure to see them. I slid over so
he'd be against me when he sat back down.

The boy's big eyes widened when he slid into the seat and saw my panties. I
kissed his neck and whispered hotly that I wanted him to fuck me. Our lips met
in a hard, demanding kiss and the boy moaned as I pulled. his hand down to my
moist eager pussy. His fingers, feverish and inexperienced, fondled the
passion-swollen lips as my trembling fingers pulled his youthful hardened prick
out.

I whispered for him to put it in me before my husband came back. I lay back on
the seat, urging him between my eager, splayed legs. I moaned and pushed my hips
up against him when I felt the small inflamed head of his small throbbing prick
slip hotly between the down lips of my wet pussy. The boy began pounding fast
and hard into me, both of us moaned loudly. Then a few seconds later the boy
cried out and I felt his small hot prick jerking wildly inside me. His little
prick shot his cum hard into the depths of my contracting pussy. The boy lay
still, gasping for breath as his youthful prick slowly deflated inside my
palpitating pussy.

I was rubbing my clitoris when Bob came back. I could hear him talking to the
boy down below. I slipped my panties back on and lay back against the seat,
still breathing hard. The boy lowered the car, and Bob thanked him and got in.
While the boy opened the door, Bob ran his hand up my thigh to my wet swollen
pussy. I moaned and writhed my hips against his maddening touch.

"Did he fuck you good?"

"Mmmmm," I moaned, laying my head against his shoulder.

"Damn, he must have shot a bucket full up that hot twat!" Bob groaned, sliding
his finger deep into the hot slipperiness of the boy's cum.

"Oh, God, darling. I didn't think his little prick would ever stop squirting his
hot cum in me. Hurry back to the motel. I want that big prick of yours in me!
Hurry!" I whimpered against his neck.

Back in our room at the motel Bob pulled me into his arms and kissed me hard,
his hand ran under my skirt, probing and pinching my already inflamed and
swollen pussy. The hotness of the boy's cum still lay in a burning pool deep in
my quivering belly. Bob pushed me down on the bed and slid my wet panties down
my long shapely legs. I lay there watching as he pulled his huge thick shaft
out, its broad pulsating head was glistening stickily with the hot cum that
oozed slowly from its gaping mouth.

He stood there, slowly stroking the thick length of his magnificent prick. I
opened my legs wide, drawing the swollen slippery lips open with my trembling
fingers, rotating my hips in a lewd, wanton gesture of my need. My husband
stared at the glistening cum-smeared pink inner lips of my pussy for a long
moment, then he groaned painfully and fell between my open eager thighs.

I cried out with pleasure as his massive prick slid deep into my hot grasping
pussy. The delicious heat of his pulsating prick going in to its fullest was
maddening, and I could feel it pushing the boy's cum out. It ran hotly down the
crevice of my quivering bottom, causing my tiny puckered hole to tingle
delightfully.

I writhed and ground my bottom up tight against his pelvis until I could feel
his heavy balls smacking against the wet crevice beneath my pussy. The soft,
hairy balls danced deliciously against my sensitive puckered hole, sending
shivers of lewd delight surging through my quivering belly.

"Oooohhh... yes, yes, fuck me hard ... oooohhhh ... God, yes! Harrrddddd!" I
whimpered incoherently. My body became completely abandoned as I twisted and
writhed, spreading my legs wider and drawing them up over my head. My skin
glowed hotly and my head flailed wildly from side to side, my mouth opening in
lewd abandon. I wrapped my legs around Bob's slender waist, locking my ankles
tightly around his back. My ravenously starving pussy gripped the thick hardened
length of his driving prick.

Then it happened! I could feel my insides splitting deliciously as the broad
head of his deeply buried prick began to jerk spastically and swell up against
the resilient lips of my womb. It began spewing its white-hot cum deep into the
welcoming recesses of my eager belly, and then my whole body shuddered
violently.

I whimpered in tiny, desperate mewling crys and tensed against my husband's own
hard, tense body. We lay panting in exhaustion, still in each other's arms for a
long time. I fell into a light sleep, contented with the knowledge that Bob's
limp prick was still inprisoned in the tight grip of my pussy.

Later when we woke up it was almost eight-thirty. We decided to try calling Mary
again. Still no answer. Then I remembered a nice, older couple that lived in
Alabama. When I mentioned it to my husband, he thought it was worth a try and
called them. Chuck and Nita were thrilled to hear from us and would love to have
us for a visit. Bob told them where we were and to expect us sometime late
tomorrow afternoon.

After we had dinner, I called Sandy and Tom in Lovington, New Mexico. Sandy
answered the phone and was pleased to hear from us. We made a date to be in
Lovington sometime on the evening of the fifth. I told Bob how sexy Sandy's
voice sounded over the phone, and he wanted to take me again. I reminded him
that if we were going all the way to Alabama we had better get going. Naturally
he agreed ...

Chapter 8
Dear Connie, Oct. 10th

Your letter arrived yesterday and we were happy to hear from you.

First, about your photo needs. Yes, we can certainly take care of your copying,
and your film processing. 126 cartridges are no problem. Although we can do
color work we are reluctant because it is quite time consuming and thus,
expensive. The big labs, with their automatic equipment, do not have that
problem.

Our price for copy work is 25 cent a print, B/W 31/2 X 5. We can also make B/W
prints from your color shots. For your film processing, the price is 20 cents a
print including developing. Oh, by the way. When sending photos for copying,
please send at least 12 at a time if you can.

Re your trip down this way in January. Sounds fine to us and we would like very
much to meet your both. We are enclosing a photo of us so you can see if we are
your "type". Nita is 5'3", 115 pounds, green eyes, brown hair and 36-2536. Chuck
is 5'11", 165 pounds, blue eyes, black hair. We are both a young 41. We are
quite uninhibited but do not care for the wild-way-out, like B&D.

If, after a letter or so, you are still interested we will pass along our home
address and phone number.

We hope to hear from you soon and will be looking forward to doing some work for
you.

Most sincerely,

Nita


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Dear Nita, Oct. 16th

Bob and I received your letter today. We were really pleased to hear from you
and the photo was very nice. It's hard for us to believe you are really
forty-one. Bob thinks Nita has the most beautiful breasts he's ever seen, and I
have to agree with him.

That is a beautiful black lace outfit you were wearing in the photo. Bob kept
staring at it, the teasing hint of your naked breasts was just too much for him.

Bob and I are both completely uninhibited and love intimate parties with others
like us. Bob is a very energetic and capable lover when it comes to any kind of
sex play. I've never had a better lover and wonder how I'll feel when a better
man does it to me.

Chuck are you a professional photographer? Bob and I both agree that you are
very good. When we come to see you will you let me model for you? Do you two
like uninhibited photography? When we come down would you take some photos of us
doing all kinds of things? Nita would you let Chuck take some of the three of us
together?

Nita this is kind of embarrassing for me and I hope I don't offend you. I've
always wondered what it would be like to make love with another pretty woman.
Have you ever? Would you mind if we tried? If you have ever, would you tell me
what it was like? I really am very anxious to try it; especially with someone as
pretty and sexy as you.

Do you get very sexcited when you watch Chuck making love with another woman? I
do. It really sexcites me to watch others, but especially Bob. I go wild when
she starts moaning and writhing under his pounding hardness!

Bob and I love all kinds of erotic photographs, movies and even letters. We
think that letters between us and other swingers adds to the sexcitement of the
actual meeting. We, like you, don't care for the way out either. We tried the
Greek way once and that's out, too. I guess maybe it's because Bob's too big.
He's alot bigger than most men I've known.

Please write and tell us the things you like and don't like. And feel free to
ask us any questions you wish.

Now a little more about the photos we want copied and developed. The ones we
want copies are all polaroids of some swinging parties Bob went to before I even
knew him and they are pretty uninhibited. We have two rolls of 126 Bob took of
me and another man. The photos are of us nude in various stages of love making.
I just wanted to be sure you knew the kind of work we wanted you to do.

I was wondering how much you would charge to make us some prints of just one
pose. Just like the one you sent us, a glossy 3 1/2 X 5 ... we want to send them
to send out when answering ads ... maybe forty or fifty.

Bob and I would love to see more photos of you two. Bob said to tell you that we
will return all you send. He's very anxious to see Nita's beautiful breasts bare
... me too!

The photo I'm sending of me is a terrible copy of a beautiful color slide.
Chuck, can you copy slides?

We would much rather correspond with you at your home address. There's something
so cold and impersonal about P.O. Boxes.

Sincerely,

Connie


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Dear Bob and Connie, Oct. 21st

Your letter arrived yesterday and we both enjoyed it very much. It was one of
the most informative we have recieved from any of our friends. Makes us feel we
know you quite well already. Wish we could do as well.

Let's see if we can answer it now ...

Thank you both for your kind remarks and especially your appreciative comments
about Nita. They are most welcom. I agree with you, too, I might add. Perhaps
the enclosed photos will tell you even more.

No, I'm not a pro photographer, just like to dabble in it, and am always looking
for interesting, and interested, models. You certainly seem to fill both those
requirements so I will be happy to do a whole series of you when you get down
this way. We might even agree to some of that uninhibited photography you
suggest. Could be "verrrry interesting."

Connie, Nita says she is one of the unusual swingers. From our experience that
is. She hasn't yet made love to another woman nor visa-versa. Not distastful,
but rather, of no special interest. There seems little doubt that it will occur,
but by happenstance rather than by design. There is likely to be that moment
when it seems the right thing to do but it isn't something that can be planned
ahead. I personally encourage Nita to give it a chance to happen if the urge
strikes or the circumstances are proper but as yet it is still something to be
looked forward to. Who knows??????

No, neither of us seem to be particularly moved by seeing the other making love.
There have been times when it was exciting and other times when it became a
distraction. In fact I think that is true of all our swinging activities. What
is good one time is not necessarily good every time. We like to play it by ear
and let each experience become what it will.

We too, like movies (have some) and photos (have some) and yes, even letters.
Nita, like you, doesn't think too much of Greek ways. Agrees that once is
enough. I haven't found anything I didn't like yet but that shouldn't be
interpreted to mean I do like everything. Must be lots of things I haven't
tried. (YET)

Connie, we aren't editors or censors so the content of the photos you send us to
process if of no consequence. OK? And about the run of ad answering photos you
asked about. In a quanity like that I can do them for 10 cents each. Does that
sound reasonable? Oh, sorry but I'm not equiped to copy your slides for you. May
add that feature later.

So, I think that just about answers all ...

We thoroughly enjoyed your letter. Thought highly of your photo (but would like
to see some of Bob), will be awaiting the arrival of your film and the
polaroids. Anxiously await your next letter and certainly look forward to your
impending visit down this way.

We both agree with the PO Box thing but always use it for the first letter or
two till we know who we are dealing with. Hope it wasn't too inconvenient for
you. Our home address and phone number is at the bottom.

Write very soon ...

Most sincerely,

Chuck and Nita


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Dear Chuck and Nita, Oct. 23

We received your letter and photos today. Bob said if you send anymore sexy
photos of Nita he's going to come down there and kidnap her. That's all he talks
about is kissing, caressing and sucking on her beautiful breasts and her furry
pussy. I'd really love to see them together. Bob is well equiped in the
sex-department and loves to use it and his tongue all over a woman. Every time
he looks at Nita's photos I can see his blue eyes sparkle and his mouth water!
Nita's downy mound is very sexciting for both of us to gaze at.

Bob is going to try and find a tiny box to send the film in so we should have
them in the mail to you soon. I'm sending you two copies of some photos of Bob
and other girls, at least you can see what he looks like. I'm awful sorry they
aren't better. If one of the color photos we took come out I want you to make us
50 copies of the best one. 10 cents sounds very reasonable.

Nita do you like to suck your lover all the way? I do! It really turns me on to
feel it squirting in my mouth. Would you two tell us more about the things you
enjoy about swinging. So far you've been pretty vague. I don't want to offend
either of you and ruin the friendship that seems to be developing between us.

Bob's uncle died last year and left him a small (two room) log cabin overlooking
Jackson's Hole and we thought it would be nice to have you two join us next
summer. Do you enjoy camping and things of that nature? Bob and I both enjoy
almost every type of indoor and outdoor sports. Bob has hunted everything there
is in North America except "Bigfoot" and Polar Bears. We love to go out for a
QUIET evening on the town. Soft lights, soft music and a good dinner and a few
drinks. Bob and I enjoy a few moderate drinks but very seldom get drunk. I love
Vodka Collins and Rum & Coke. Bob likes Jack Daniels whisky.

When we have a party with a swinging couple we think it's best for us to pair
off and be alone during our love making then join the others for the rest of the
night. WE really don't care an awful lot for large parties. Two or three couples
are the most fun. Please tell us what you like ... okay?

Did you want the photos of Nita back? Let me know if you do. Needless to say Bob
and I are very interested in seeing any others you care to send. Just let us
know if you want them back.

I'm enclosing a photo and address of another writer that I correspond with. He's
married and swings by himself. He's interested mainly in photos and writes a
sexciting letter. You may be able to do some copy work for him. I noticed that
your ad says photos for sale and he may be interested. He asked us to send his
photo and address to some of our swinging friends. He's sent us some wild
Polaroids of himself and one of his swinging girl friends and has written some
very descriptive letters so he's safe to sell or trade with.

I'm sending you a couple of me that I'd like for you to give to other swingers
that you think we'd like. You could send us some of the same reason if you want.

Please answer soon.

Sincerely,

Connie


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Dear Bob and Connie, Nov. 4th

This is Chuck at the typewriter.

Got your letter and photos the other day and was happy to hear from you again,
and glad to get the pics too! Wonder though, is Bob the only busy one??? Ha! I'm
refering to those two beautiful young creatures that seem to find Bob's huge
manhood so fascinating ... wonder why????

We are happy that you like the pics of Nita. I think she is pretty special
myself and do enjoy photographing her. Will enjoy working with you too if I have
the opportunity.

We will be waiting for the photos you want copied and the film you would like
processed. We'll try to get it right back to you post haste. Glad you are
satisfied with my price on the ad answering photo work. You see, once I get set
up with the negative and ready to process it is simple. It's just the changes
from one negative to another and making new calculations that is a problem.

The idea of a vacation up that way next year sounds great. We both like the
great outdoors and that cabin sounds like a lot of fun. We really must talk
about it when you are down this way.

Seems we have a number of things in common with each other. For instance ...
Nita's favorite drink is Rum & Coke, she also likes Vodka Collins. I don't think
there is a better whisky than Ole Jack, especially Black Label. We like dining
out, if the food and atmosphere is good. We seldom get drunk, haven't for
several years, but like to drink sociably.

We prefer to be in seperate rooms for our swinging, like you, and enjoy then
getting together for a while to see what else might occur. And something usually
does ... We have only been to two parties, one was a complete dud, and the
other, the first was a real orgie with seven couples. That one was thoroughly
enjoyable but even so we prefer to be with only one other couple at a time. That
way there is no confusion as to who does what to whom.

As yet Nita has not enjoyed the pleasure of another woman, except for a few
casual caresses but she agrees that there is nothing wrong with it. We are both
expecting that the mood will strike her sometime and she will go all the way. It
isn't something that can be planned ahead but instead just be prepared for the
time it seems the right thing to do.

No, Nita doesn't usually suck her lover all the way. She does me occasionally
and there is nothing I can imagine that is better but it isn't one of her
favorite. She likes to be on the recieving end and does a beautiful job when she
is in the mood but it doesn't happen often. However, I know she admires that
magnificient tool of Bob's greatly. I personally think that oral sex is here to
stay and I'm not too particular whether I am giving or recieving ... I like it.
Both together is the best.

We are both quite flexible. As long as everyone is having fun we are right in
there with them. We don't believe in being pushy but like to just relax and see
what develops and then go from there. My feelings ... if it's sex, it's got to
be good!

Thanks for the pic and info on the man in Ohio.

We may drop him a line but we have just about cut off the photo sales as it is
beginning to become a bother.

If we meet someone who we think you would like, and visa-versa, we will give
them one of your photos.

We don't have anything handy like the pics you sent of Bob and friends (of us,
that is) but have some we have copied that you might like. Enclosing a couple in
this letter. Are they to your liking?????

Don't remember if I mentioned it before but we have our two sons living with us.
That pretty well puts a damper on most of our swinging entertaining at home. One
will be leaving in January but the youngest will be around for a while. We'll
think of something or I'll pay your motel bill ... fair enough?

Well, hope I have answered some of the questions you wanted to know about us. If
there is anything else you would like to know just ask us in your next letter.

Will be looking forward to seeing you in a couple months and hope we can all
have a real ball.

Most sincerely,

Chuck and Nita


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Hi, Nov. 8th

Your letters are getting nicer all the time and the photos were really
sexciting. The little brunette that was blowing the bugle against the other
girl's pussy was very very sexy, we both thought. You should have heard Bob
groan when he saw the nude of Nita sitting in the chair with her legs wide open.
It even made me tingle a little.

Right now Bob is in such a frustrated state over Nita that he's positive that
Chuck is just sending those sexy nudes of her just to make him commit suicide!
I'm inclined to agree ... but keep them coming! Bob is really crazy about sweet
furry pussys and says Nita's is the furriest he's ever seen and he's just as
positive that it's the sweetest.

You should have our film by now and I hope that they come out okay. There should
be several of me sucking Bob's beautiful prick that will let Nita see just what
she's missing.

I agree with you Chuck that we are going to have a ball! Bob has been going out
with a young girl here in town and he's going to try talking her into spending
the night with us. If she does I'll tell you two all about it. I've love to hear
about that big party you two went to.

I'm going to end for now. Write us a long, long letter and let us know what you
think of the photos. Love and kisses.

Love Ya,

Connie


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Dear Bob and Connie, Nov. 16th

From Nita and I ... W O W! those pics were the wildest and most provocative
photographs I have ever developed ... or seen for that matter. You said I was a
good phototog but Bob's camera work makes me look like a beginner! The other
man's photos turned out okay but the contrast, depth, and photo alignment were
perfect. And don't tell me he's never studied photography either!

Glad you liked the pics of the girls going down on each other. I guess I should
tell Bob to be prepared to have one hell of a blow job from Nita when he gets
here. "God, it's beautiful!" is what she said when she saw the one of you
sucking and running your tongue all around that monstrous shaft of Bob's. She
also thinks that Connie has a refreshing and natural beauty that is very
exciting ... me too!

This is one time when I know I'm going to enjoy watching Nita. And she's going
to get just as much excitement out of watching you and I. Bob's right again.
Nita has the hairiest cunt I've ever seen, too. And to my taste buds ... the
sweetest. But Connie, yours looks like a very juicy and comestible. I love juicy
cunts, I might add.

I'm really inclined to believe that the party we have with you and Bob will be
the most rewarding and exciting we ever had. Nita wants to have Bob all to
herself first off and I want the same with you. I don't think that either of us
would be able to do justice to our partner if we weren't alone. I know that Bob
is going to tear Nita up and give her one of the best lovings she's ever had.
She has never had a cock as big as his and I've never had a young girl as
beautiful and sexually stunning as you.

Later we can all get together and see what happens.

We haven't had very many swinging parties that are worth talking about but here
is something that has not only excited us both but has also frightened us into
thinking we're perverts of the lowest type. Nita and I have grown to like and
trust both of you and respect your obvious intelligence. We'd like to know what
your honest opinion of what I'm about to tell you:

One night last summer Nita woke me up early in the morning saying that she heard
noises in the house. When I went to investigate she was too frightened to stay
alone. We crept down the hall and both our hearts almost stopped beating at what
we saw.

Our oldest son was laying on the sofa with a pretty little red-head. They were
embracing passionately. The girl's hand was manipulating our son's erection; his
hand was between her open legs. Both were moaning and writhing in their
excitement.

I was so sexually moved by the scene that my own cock was erect; Nita was
directly behind me and she moved up against me. All she wore was a thin nightie
and I could feel the heat of her body. Her hand came around and squeezed my
cock, I almost lost my seed when she did that. She was breathing heavily against
my neck as we continued to watch them.

Our son opened her blouse and the little minx wasn't wearing a bra. Her breasts
were very small yet for some reason the sight of them excited both of us
greatly. Our son stood up and took off his shirt and trousers. Nita groaned,
squeezing my erection painfully and pressing her abdomen tightly against me when
she saw his erection. The little red-head pulled her short skirt up and raised
her hips and pulled her white panties off. Her thin bush was fiery red. Nita and
I almost lost all our controll then, I pushed her against the wall and pushed my
hardness into her. She was wetter than I can ever remember.

We were both trembling badly and Nita had to bite her lip to keep from crying
out. I moved slowly in her; we both watched our son mount the girl and guide his
erection into the girl's fiery red bush. The girl wrapped her thin legs around
him and they went at it like two wild young animals.

Nita and I had the most intense orgasms, watching our son having the young girl,
that we've ever had. After we climaxed we were so weak that we had to go back to
our bedroom and lay down. Neither of us were able to sleep at all that night. We
made love three more times and during each we talked about what we'd seen.

Nita admitted that she had wished that she could have been in the little
red-head's place. I'm not gay but I recieved more excitement from seeing my
son's erection than seeing the young girl naked. The thought of watching our son
making love to Nita gives me a tremendous erection every time I think of it.

We have honestly discussed this and our feelings in great depth, yet Nita cannot
ever remember having even thought of anything sexual about our sons. We have
several theorys of our own but we'd like to hear what your opinions are before
we mention them.

When you write to us about the above remember that we consider you to be very
close friends and regardless of what you say we will remain as such. You cannot
call us anything that we, ourselves, haven't called each other. This is
important to us so Please be completely honest.

I think that I had better end this before I have enough material for a short
novel. Will send your pics under seperate cover and am enclosing so more of the
two girls going down on each other. And of course more of Nita.

Most sincerely,

Chuck and Nita


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Dear Chuck and Nita, Nov. 21st

This will be short as Bob and I have a million things to do before leaving for
Thanksgiving. Bob and I thought that the scene with your son was very sexciting
and wanted to tell you what we thought. I don't know very much about psychology
and Bob claims to know nothing at all.

But the things I'm going to tell you are mainly his opinions.

First let me thank you for your sincere trust in our friendship and we'll try to
live up to it.

First of all we see nothing unusual about Nita's sexual feelings for her son. To
us it's an indication that she loves you very much. After all, he is you, Chuck
... a younger, stronger, more virile reproduction of you. He probably has the
best features of you both. So why shouldn't Nita desire him? If you had a
daughter I'm sure you would desire her. How could you not? You love Nita and she
would be nothing more than a younger Nita.

I know that when we have a son that I'll desire him. And I know that when we
have a daughter Bob will entertain sexual desires of her. And why not? They will
be products of our love for each other ... they will be part of us and our
beautiful love for each other.

Bob and I realize that alot of people would think that we were some sort of
perverts but we don't care. Why does a man put so much faith in having a son?
Because to him a son is his only hope of immortality ... through him his blood
line and name lives on after he has turned to dust. So why shouldn't the mother
of that son love him as strongly and as completely as the father?

Well, that's our feelings on the subject ... who knows maybe the world's crazy
and we are not! Or you can flip that around the other way. But I know that there
would be an awful more people on our side that people would have you believe.

Bob has studied photography but hasn't been active in it for some years now. We
haven't gotten the photos yet. We loved the ones of Nita as usual and it's going
to be a beautiful sight to see Bob's beautiful prick going into Nita's beautiful
pussy.

Must end for now ... please drop us a line soon.

Love Ya,

Connie

Chapter 9
Bob and I arrived at Nita's around six-thirty on the second of December. We were
exhausted, but their warm cordial greeting relieved us of our personal
discomforts. They introduced us to their sons, and my breasts tingled when Mark,
the oldest, shook my hand. Timmy, the youngest, was sixteen, slender and the
cutest. Every time I looked his way, his eyes were moving fleetingly over my
full breasts under my tight pale-blue sweater or over the flare of my hips and
the swell of my abdomen under the thin, tight white bell-bottoms.

Chuck fixed us all a drink and we relaxed in polite conversation for a while.
Nita wore a pretty light-green shirt-waist dress that put an accent on her full
firm breasts. It wasn't very short, but on her it was very sexy, and from where
Bob and I were sitting we could see just a hint of her thighs above her nylons.
Nita excused herself, saying that she had to get dinner ready and Mark was going
off on a date and said he probably wouldn't be home tonight. My breasts tingled
so that a visible shiver rippled through my body and I wondered if he was going
to fuck that little redhead.

Chuck had to go somewhere and Bob went with him. I told Nita that I would like
to freshen up and change clothes. She showed me to our room, and Timmy brought
in our suitcases. I thanked him, telling him that he was sweet, and the little
darling turned bright red.

When I was alone, I opened my suitcase and took out a pair of sheer lavender
bikini panties with white ruffled lace around the waist and legs. Next came a
matching French bra, my white lace garter belt and a pair of smokecolored
nylons. I took off my clothes and slipped into a pink and black lace duster and
went into the bathroom down the hall.

The shower felt wonderful. I turned the water on as hot as I could stand. When I
dried off, my skin tingled and glowed bright pink. I dusted my breasts, stomach,
bottom and thighs with a lightly scented lilac power. I put on my garter belt
and nylons, then my panties and bra.

When I opened the door to our room, I stifled a shocked cry of surprise. Timmy
was standing by the bed, nuzzling the pink panties I had just taken off against
his nose. His other hand was frantically stroking his hardened manly prick. I
stared at him disbelievingly for a full minute. Then an excited glow tingled
through my thighs and I began trembling with the excitement of Timmy's actions.

I closed the door firmly and leaned weakly against it, not taking my eyes from
his stroking hand. The boy whirled toward me, shock and terror edged over his
youthful handsomeness. He sat down quickly on the bed, covering his hardness and
bowing his head in shame. I felt pity for the shamed boy. I walked over and sat
down beside him, hugging him tight against me. He started crying.

"P ... please ... don't ... tell ... Mom ... please, don't ..." the frightened
boy whimpered pleadingly against my shoulder.

"I won't, Timmy ... if you tell me why you were smelling my panties." My own
voice trembled from the excitement of the boy's strange act.

"I ... I'm sorry ... honest ... please don't tell Mom."

"Tell me why you were smelling my panties and playing with your prick?" My hand
went to his lap and pulled his hands away, exposing his still-hardened prick. I
wrapped my warm fingers around it and gently squeezed. He moaned with pleasure
against my shoulder. He was an awful lot bigger than the boy in the gas station
had been.

"I couldn't help it. Your p ... panties were laying on the bed and ..." Timmy
shuddered violently, his voice was barely audible. You're ... so ... pretty ...
p ... pretty ... and ..." The boy began sobbing harder.

"Timmy, you're sweet. Did you like the smell on my panties?"

Timmy didn't speak, just nodded his head.

"Do you like to smell girl's panties? Have you ever smelled your mother's
panties?" I was so excited that my hand was unconsciously jerking Timmy's prick
in short, quick movements.

"Y ... yes."

"Did you wonder how I would look in them while you were smelling them?"

"Timmy nodded.

"Would you like to see me in them, now?"

"Yes... yes ..." Timmy looked up at me, his eyes wet and sad, very sad. I almost
started crying myself. But instead I leaned forward and kissed his quivering
lips lightly.

"Do you like to kiss girls down there?"

"I ... I ... d ... don't ... k ... know ..."

"Oh, Timmy! You never have ... have you?" My heart nearly stopped its mad
pounding when I realized he was a virgin.

"N ... no," the boy mumbled weakly.

I stood up and let my robe fall to the floor. I reached behind me and unhooked
the lavendar lace bra. "Have you ever seen a girl naked, Timmy?"

"N ... no ... just Mom ..." His sudden gasp of breath hissed loudly in the quiet
room as he looked up at me. I stood with my full thighs slightly apart, naked,
except for the garter belt, nylons and the sheer lavender lace of my
snug-fitting bikini panties. I smiled as his eyes locked on the soft blonde
curls that fluffed out at the plump V of my full thighs. Timmy was hypnotized by
my blonde, pouty cleft that was so visible through the lavender haze of my
panties.

"Is this what you were thinking about while you caressed your prick and smelled
my panties?" I asked in a low husky voice, my fingers tracing lightly over the
fluffy mound. The boy stared in amazement as I walked up close to him. His eyes
widened as he stared at the quivering flesh of my velvety inner thighs. I could
feel the warmth of his heavy breaths against my quivering belly as he stared at
the forbidden female flesh I knew he had dreamed of so many times. He looked up
almost reverently into my smiling face.

"Touch me, Timmy. Put your hand on my pussy," I whispered hoarsely, thrusting my
hips out toward him slightly.

My thighs trembled and tiny electric thrills rippled through my lower abdomen as
Timmy's trembling finger tips hesitatingly touched the fluffy blonde mound
through my sheer panties. Timmy's fingers slowly became more aggressive and
their virgin pressure had a maddening effect.

"Take them, darling," I whimpered, my body swaying dangerously in front of him.
I moaned, feeling his trembling fingers pulling my panties down, his face
flushed, only inches away from my quivering abdomen. I felt his gaze burn into
the honey-blonde curls that hid the soft pink folds of his dreams.

I lay down on the bed and drew my legs up, opening them wide apart and writhing
my hips up to an imaginary lover. My hands moved slowly down over my breasts
until they were caressing the hollows of my writhing thighs. Ever so slowly my
fingers drew the moist blonde hair-lined lips wide apart. I heard Timmy groan as
his eyes stared into the moist pink flesh of his dream.

"Kiss it, Timmy. Please ... eat my pussy," I whimpered breathlessly. I cried out
with exquisite pleasure as the boy licked at my palpitating flesh. The boy made
up with eager youthful energy what he lacked in experience. Timmy's tongue
licked in long, wet strokes up the full trembling length of my open, wet slit.

"Do it on my pussy ... Timmy ... make your prick come on me ... hurry!" I
whimpered, urging him up between my legs. Suddenly I wanted him to look at my
blonde pussy and make himself cum. The boy stood up and began to frantically
stroke the hardened length of his young virgin prick. My finger went to the
moist swollen bump of my madly itching clitoris and I rubbed it with the same
frantic rhythm as Timmy was using.

His eyes were glued on my writhing pussy and plunging fingers. I watched the
boy's face become intense and strained, his lips parted and his face contorted
in passion. When he groaned mournfully, my eyes dropped to the swollen shaft of
his young prick. I saw his heavy swaying cum-laden balls drawing sharply up to
the thick base of his prick. I watched as the boy's swollen prick throbbed and
jerked violently as thick spurts of his virgin cum exploded from its swollen
head to arc through the air and splatter hotly on my writhing thighs and heaving
belly. I moaned louder as spurt after spurt landed on my squirming body.

I lay there, breathlessly watching Timmy's prick slowly deflating, a tiny,
glistening drop of his cum hung precariously from the brightly glowing pink tip.
I took the pink panties that Timmy had been smelling and lovingly wiped his cum
from my thighs and belly. I sat up and wiped his limp prick with them then
handed them to him.

"Keep them with you tonight ... and think about me when you play with your
prick." I stood up. Timmy was as tall as I was and I hugged him tightly to me.
"Would you like to put it inside me later tonight?" I asked, feeling his limp
prick throbbing slowly back to hardness against my naked hip.

"Oh, yes ... yes, I do. I really do," the boy said enthusiastically.

"You're so wonderful," I said, pulling away from him. "But you'd better leave
now, someone might come in and catch us. Do you want to come back after everyone
goes to sleep?"

The boy's eyes glowed and he nodded vigorously.

I leaned forward and kissed him, my tongue probing through his warm closed lips.
He opened his mouth and moaned as my tongue slid wetly into the hotness of his
mouth. I took his hand and placed it on my tingling breast. I had to pull away,
another second too close to this wonderful boy and I would have to have him.

"Don't wear anything when you come back tonight. I want that sexy body of yours
against me with nothing between us. Now run along so I can finish dressing."

At the door Timmy turned and smiled shyly. "I love you," he said, going out the
door quickly. I stood there for a long moment, trembling, thinking how excited
Bob would get when I told him. I couldn't decide if I should say anything about
it in front of Chuck and Nita.

I picked up my lavender bra and panties and put them back on. I just couldn't
make up my mind what to wear, so I slipped my duster back on, deciding to wait
and see what Bob thought I should wear. I quickly brushed the snarls and tangles
out of my shoulder-length blonde hair and went to the kitchen to keep Nita
company.

I sat on a high stool and demurely let my duster fall open enough to let her
catch a glimpse of my sheer panties. She couldn't keep her eyes away from the
blonde curls that strayed enticingly out of the legs of my panties. Nita fixed
me a drink and, when she handed it to me, her hand was trembling. A strange
excitement flooded through me.

"Chuck and I wrote you a letter, but never got around to mailing it."

"Could I read it now? I love your letters," I said softly, watching the way her
full breasts moved so invitingly under the tight bodice.

"Yes, I'll see if I can find it."

As soon as she left the kitchen, I parted my thighs wide and slid my finger
under the leg of my panties, pulling more of my soft blonde curls into view. I
did the same thing with the other side and adjusted my thighs and duster so that
it would look unintentional.

I sipped my drink and thought about Timmy. I was almost certain he was in his
room smelling my panties and doing it to himself. I could almost feel the
swollen lips of my pussy contracting at the lewd thought. Nita interrupted my
licentious thoughts about her son when she entered the kitchen.

When she handed me the letter, I could almost feel the heat of her eyes on the
golden cleft of my exposed pussy. My fingers were trembling as I opened the
letter. With the letter were several photos of Nita. One was a complete nude,
she had her legs drawn up as though waiting for a lover to mount her. The
fingers of her right hand were holding the furry lips widespread and the fingers
of her other hand were manipulating her clitoris hidden in the moist pink folds.
A thick drop of cum was just beginning to ooze through the tight inner opening
of her pussy.

"What is this?" I asked Nita, pretending to be naive.

She walked over near my side, a lot closer than she had to. I pointed to the
white smear on the photograph, my arm brushing against the side of her full
breast. I looked up into her eyes and her face was flushed as she looked down
into the cleavage of my full breasts.

"T... that's one of Chuck's silly ideas," Nita said, her breaths coming quicker.

"Oh, I don't think it's silly. It's very exciting. I wish I had been there to
help you!" Nita's breast was pressing tighter against me and her breathing was
coming faster and I knew that she was in the mood.

"Why don't you show me the house ... before our men come back?" I looked up into
her eyes, smiling.

"Okay," she answered weakly. I followed her, watching the slight sway of her
broad rounded hips. She opened a door and I walked up against her, pressing my
full breasts against her.

"This is Chuck's den and darkroom. I call it his sex-room." Nita turned around,
her face only inches from mine, our breasts lightly touching. I leaned up
against her and buried my face against her throat. I felt her hips straining
against mine. My mouth was wetly kissing her smooth neck, and her hands went
around my waist, drawing me tighter to her full softness. My hands began
caressing the full spheres of her arched breasts. I could feel her nipples
harden under her bra as my lips nibbled up her throat to lick into her ear.

Nita moaned and ran her hands over the rounded swell of my full, taut bottom.
Our lips met in a strong passionate kiss, and her mouth opened wide, eagerly
sucking my fluttering tongue into the hotness of her mouth. My hand moved slowly
over the soft quivering swell of her abdomen to the plump downy lips of her
pussy. Her thighs opened slightly as the pressure of my hand increased.

Our lips parted and I looked at her. Her head was back against the doorway, eyes
closed, lips parted as her tongue licked slowly around the fullness of her lips.

"Let's go to your bedroom," I said in a low quivering voice.

Nita swallowed hard and nodded. She held onto my hand as if afraid I'd run away.
The hope that Timmy would see us going into her room and peek sent tiny shivers
up my spine. I wanted to see him between his mother's full thighs. That was one
of the most exciting thoughts I've ever had.

I looked around the room, it was tastefully decorated and conservativelooking.
There was an assortment of paintings around the room. The bed was huge, with a
bookcase headboard of some sort of blonde wood. In the bookcase was an
assortment of sex books, The Neighborhood Party, The Experiment, Human Sexual
Response, all of which Bob and I had read. There were two walnut speakers and an
AM/FM radio on the bookcase.

I sat down in the small easy chair by the bed, my duster was completely open
now.

"I've never done this before," Nita said in a low voice, averting my lustfilled
gaze.

"Don't let it worry you, Nita. It will come naturally."

I stood up, letting my duster fall from my shoulders. Nita was staring at me,
her eyes moving slowly from the full cleavage of my breasts trapped in the
lavender lace bra down over my smooth flat stomach to my blonde tuft of curls
that were so plainly visible through the lavender haze.

"Take your clothes off, darling. I want to see that beautiful body of yours in
real life." My voice was low and hoarse as my hands went to my back and unhooked
my bra. Nita was slowly, trancelike, unbuttoning the front of her dress, her
eyes still on me.

"You're so beautiful," Nita whispered ardently. I moved up close to her and my
trembling fingers finished unbuttoning her dress. Her hand came out and cupped
my right breast, kneading it gently, running her fingers adoringly over the
satiny skin, gently tweaking my hardened pink nipple. I moaned, my knees were
trembling weakly as I pulled her dress down over her shoulders. When it fell to
the floor, I stepped back and hooked my fingers in the waistband of my bikini
panties.

I was trembling so badly that I could barely manage to pull my panties down.
Nita watched lasciviously as each blonde curl appeared above my sliding panties.
Nita unhooked her plain white bra and I gasped as the fullness and beauty of her
breasts swayed slightly before me. They had looked firm and beautiful in the
photos, but they were breathtaking in the flesh.

My eyes raped Nita's full body as she slowly slid her sheer white panties down
over the broad flare of her hips. When she straightened, our arms went around
each other, our lips met in a deeply passionate kiss. Maddening thrills of
ecstasy rippled through my quivering body. Nita's full breasts were burning
against mine, their hardened nipples seemed electrifying. My hands moved lightly
over her full, rounded bottom, kneading its resilient smoothness, drawing her
writhing furry mound tighter against my own.

As though on some prearranged signal we collapsed onto her bed. Nita's arms went
around me, drawing me to the quivering warmth of her naked, burning skin. Nita
moaned and her hand went down from my shoulder to my big full young titties,
then she leaned closer and her lips opened firmly against mine, spreading and
nibbling as her tongue slipped between my lips. My lips softened and kissed
back, blanketed by a sheet of passion caused by the demanding heat of her need.
My hand crept slowly onto the full rounded sphere of Nita's arched tittie, then
down the soft quivering flesh to her inner thighs, until it mingled with the
thick bush of soft black curls and its moist hotness. I moaned loudly, my eyes
closed as my fingers slipped into the hot pit of Nita's fiery lust. I ran my
other hand behind her and cupped her large, rounded bottom as she writhed
wantonly against my thrusting fingers. My hand slipped between the crevice that
separated the full spheres of her ass and found her tiny puckered hole. I
thought of my finger as a long, slim prick as it teased at the swollen pucker.

Nita, who was the strongest, took the lead and rolled me onto my back and
quickly reversed her body, straddling me so that her thick black hair-lined
pussy hovered over my face. My mouth was just inches below the slightly open
lips of Nita's wet swollen pussy and I raised my head, to kiss deep into the
heady nest of her wet quivering pussy. At the same time I felt Nita's kiss,
centered by her hot darting tongue. Sensations seemed to ripple around and
around our tonguing bodies, the mounting tensions were perfectly matched. I
licked and nibbled, the glistening wet flesh of Nita's pink pussy.

I put my hands to the full rounded spheres of Nita's ass and pressed and pulled
at them, enjoying the erotic shapes I created. My thighs, urged by Nita's hands,
spread and spread until my hips seemed like they were going to tear apart, then
I began to writhe to the rhythmic licking and plunging of her tongue. I felt a
wriggling finger at my tiny puckered hole and I teased at hers. As my finger
entered Nita's asshole, the erotic intrusion made me moan with ecstasy. I felt
as though we were one, with this beautiful woman, her tongue was like a small
slithering prick, my fingers searching and savoring the secret muscles that
gripped it spastically.

I cried out in pleasure against the open lips of her pussy as I began undulating
my hips, legs widespread, letting the intense thrills between my thighs grow
stronger and stronger as her mouth and tongue sent shivering bolts of ecstasy
through every part of my body. I licked at Nita's pussy frantically, feeling the
strangeness of my orgasm growing, and I knew that it wouldn't escape me ... not
this time.

A wild masochistic pleasure had suddenly taken hold of my body as Nita's finger
thrust into my rubbery asshole. I ground my ass in complete abandoned ecstasy
against the madly probing finger and wildly sucking mouth.

Suddenly I felt the wetness and tensing of Nita's orgasm; I became more frantic,
but my mounting orgasm slowly slipped away from me as the woman over me went
limp and rolled over on her side. I opened my eyes and saw Bob staring obscenely
at my splayed thighs. My hips arched off the bed lewdly as I beckoned to my
husband to fuck me. Bob fell between my thighs. My fingers went to his head,
urging his mouth down to the wet open lips of my passion-swollen pussy. I moaned
and squirmed under the exquisite pleasure of my husband's sucking lips. I looked
over and saw that Chuck had crawled between Nita's thighs and was pounding
furiously into her own swollen wetness.

"Oooohhh! Eatme eatme eatme eatme eatme ..." I whimpered incessantly, undulating
my hips faster as the tingling chills burned through my body ... God! The
sensations were so maddening ... so intense that I knew I would die from its
intense pleasure. Bob's hands pulled the upturned cheeks of my quivering,
squirming ass higher, his tongue circling, teasing my tiny sensitive asshole.

Then his mouth returned to my swollen, sensitive pussy and began sucking
voraciously on my clitoris. My head flailed listlessly from side to side and I
tensed, arching my hips up to his sucking mouth, and it felt as though my whole
body was one giant tingling nerve-end. My orgasm was building deep in my heaving
belly and it was the strangest sensation I had ever felt; even my finger tips
were tingling maddeningly.

"Fuck me, now! Bobby! Fuck me!" I cried out. Bob crawled quickly up over me and
shoved the thick throbbing fullness of his prick into the depths of my madly
palpitating pussy. Our lips met and I sucked eagerly on his slippery tongue.

I threw my legs around his slim waist and moaned deep in my throat as he began
moving his thick hardened shaft in and out. My husband's hands slid under my
writhing bottom, raising me and at the same time pushing his massive prick
deeper into me. I began moaning incoherently as my mind became a burning,
passion-blinded thing. The wet slippery sheath of my pussy gripped him tightly
until I could feel every pulsating inch of his massive flesh buried deliciously
inside me.

"Yes, yes, yes, fuck me! FUCK ME HARRRDDD!" I screamed, knowing that I was
approaching an orgasm. The sensations were even stronger than the ones I had
just felt with Nita. My body became completely abandoned as I twisted and
writhed, spreading my legs wider, fondling and playing with the contracting lips
of my eager pussy where Bob's massive prick entered, bringing more intense
thrills to race through my overly sensitive and heaving body.

The plane of my crotch was wide open to the furious, pile-driving thrust of his
hips as he rammed brutally and deliciously into me.

"Oh ... oh ... oh ..." I whimpered incessantly, our faces contorted in
unrecognizable masks of wild obscene passion. Bob groaned and quickened his
thrusts, grinding hard and deep so that his massive prick of fire bored hard
against the resilient lips of my tortured womb. Then I felt it!

"Oh, God! ... OH ... GOD! It's happening! ... I'm going to ..." I lost all sense
of being, my head stopped flailing and tensed as I arched my back, thrusting my
hips hard against my husband's. I felt as though my insides were going to gush
out as my orgasm tingled in my finger tips, toes, nipples, ears, lips, thighs,
belly; there wasn't a spot on me that didn't feel the maddening effects as my
first orgasm began.

A low guttural cry rumbled deep in my hoarse throat, choked off at the last
second by the blinding sensations that erupted in every pore of my writhing,
tormented body as release finally came. Suddenly I was floating on a tiny
obscure cloud high above a world of brilliant colors that swirled, in hazy
patterns; multicolored bolts of lightning coursed through me, surging out from
the nucleus of my being through every nerve-ending I possessed.

I awoke in Bob's strong arms; the warmest, deepest feeling of contentment hung
over me like a soft golden shroud. I really did it ... it really happened! Kept
echoing through my mind. My body and mind literally sang with joy ... I was a
whole and complete woman. My body still felt tingled with the delicious
aftereffects of my very first orgasm. I reached down, exploring the swollen,
sensitive area between my thighs; it still felt as though Bob's hugeness was
still possessing me.

And this was only the beginning ...


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The End

AB-4024

Horny Cousins

by Norma Egan



Chapter 1

"Oooo ... oooo ... oooo ..." Wendy whimpered as she woke up. She opened her
eyes and shuddered as she squeezed her thighs together. "Mmmm."

She was trembling. The same dream that had filled her nights for months had
left her virgin pussy on fire and her panties soaked.

She skimmed her hands under the covers and kneaded her small plump tits
through her pajama top. As always, her nipples were swollen and sore. She
massaged her sensitive flesh and sighed. She looked at the door that led to
her cousin's bedroom and bit her bottom lip, hoping she could get herself
off before Amy woke up.

Keeping the covers over her, she eased her trembling hands down to her
panties. Anxiously, she pushed her panties down, baring her hot virgin
pussy.

"Ummmm," she sighed softly as her fingers scratched through her silky brown
cunt hair. "Aaaaah!"

She touched her pussy and spasmed. Hot buttery pussy-cream coated her
fingers. Legs stiff and spread, she stroked her fingers through her wet
seeping pussy, her hips rocking gently as the heat from her pussy spread
throughout her body.

She wanted to strip off her clothes, like she did at home, but was afraid.
She could never explain it to her cousin Amy.

"Damn. I wish I had never come to visit," she mumbled. "Damn."

The door that separated the two bedrooms opened and Amy poked her head in.
"You awake, Wendy?"

Quickly, Wendy pulled her hands out from under the covers. Her face flushed
red as she tried to bring her overheated body under control.

"Yeah," she said, her voice quaking. "I'm awake."

Amy came in and closed the door, her tits jiggling under her short nightie.
"Were you moaning?" she asked, sitting on the edge of the bed.

Wendy blushed. "N ... no," she stammered, avoiding her cousin's smiling
face.

Amy giggled. "I'll bet you had a sexy dream, huh?"

Wendy nodded. "I always do," she admitted. She saw Amy's nipples outlined
beneath her flimsy nightie. It excited her and she looked away. "You hot?"
Amy asked. She flicked her tongue over her lips.

"All the time," Wendy giggled with embarrassment as she confided in her
cousin.

"Me too," Amy said. She eased the covers off Wendy, her heart racing. "Were
you playing with yourself?"

Wendy stopped her before she pulled the covers too far. She had forgotten to
pull up her panties. "What are you doing?"

"I wanna look at you," Amy said.

Wendy's cheeks burned as her heart leaped into her throat. "No," she said
weakly.

"C'mon, Wendy. Don't be shy. We both have the same thing." She tugged on the
covers. "Lemme see you."

Breathing hard, Wendy allowed her cousin to pull the covers down to her
knees. A tremor swept through her young body as Amy stared hotly at Wendy's
virgin pussy. She squirmed under Amy's hungry gaze, the inside of her hole
tingling. "Why you looking at me like that?"

"Because your pussy is pretty," Amy sighed. She placed her hand on Wendy's
thigh and began caressing the silky flesh. "You still a virgin?"

Wendy nodded, her cousin's touch sending hot spasms through her cunt.
"Yesss."

Amy shuddered. "Let me get into bed with you."

Wendy gasped. Her head was spinning, her passion overwhelming her. "Yes,"
she moaned. "But, take off your nightie first."

Amy stood, her eyes filmy with desire. With Wendy staring, she eased her
nightie up her lithe teenage body, baring her cunt. She slipped it off and
tossed it on the floor, her body completely exposed.

"I don't wear panties," Amy said. "They always get in the way."

Wendy moaned, her eyes wide as she leered hungrily at her cousin. "Your body
is beautiful," Wendy rasped. She ogled Amy's meaty tits, her mouth watering
as her cunt contracted. "Your tits are bigger and you have more hair on your
cunt."

"I'm a year older than you," Amy said. "When I was your age I didn't have
any hair on my cunt at all." She posed, feeding on her cousin's passion.
"C'mon. Take off your pajama top. I wanna see your tits."

Shivering with excitement, Wendy sat up and yanked off her top. Her plump
tits bounced free, the nipples aching.

"I'm so hot," Wendy gasped as she kicked off her panties. "God."

"Me too," Amy said, feasting her eyes on Wendy's slim naked body. "Your tits
are pretty," she sighed.

"C'mon into bed," Wendy gasped. "Hurry."

Amy slipped into bed and snuggled close, her tits brushing against Wendy's.
"Mmmm, isn't this better than playing with yourself alone?"

"It is," Wendy moaned as she pressed her hot excited body against her
cousin. "Mmmm. I'm burning up."

"What were you dreamin' about?" Amy sighed.

"Gettin' fucked?" Wendy gasped crushing her tits into Amy's. She skimmed her
hands down Amy's body and kneaded Amy's hips and the cheeks of her ass. "I'm
always dreamin' about gettin' fucked."

"Doin' it is a lot better than dreamin' about it," Amy moaned as she pressed
her leg between Wendy's thighs.

"I'd be too scared," Wendy gasped as she humped her virgin cunt into Amy's
thigh. She parted her lips, her tongue enticing her cousin to kiss her.

With her arms wrapped around Wendy, Amy plastered her mouth to Wendy's. She
plunged in her tongue, their bodies fused in passion.

Wendy sucked hard on her cousin's tongue. She jammed her cunt into Amy's
thigh, moaning and gurgling as Amy tongued her throat and explored her
mouth.

Amy yanked her mouth away. "I'm creamin'."

"So am I," Wendy gasped. She hugged her cousin tight, her hips jerking.
"God, I've never been this hot."

"You'll be gettin' a lot hotter before you have to go back to the city," Amy
promised. She pushed Wendy over to her back. "You ever do this with any of
the girls in school?"

Wendy writhed on her back, her legs spread.

"Never, she panted. "I just started playing with myself a few months ago."
Anxiously, she reached up and caressed Amy's full meaty tits. "They feel so
soft." A spasm shot through her cunt as Amy's swollen nipples burned into
the palms of her hands.

"You wanna suck 'em?" Amy was quivering, her eyes misty with lust.

"Can I?" Wendy gasped. "Ohhhhh yesssss! Will you suck mine too?"

"Sure," Amy said. She leaned over Wendy, dangling her tits in Wendy's face.
"I love having my tits sucked."

"Oh, shit!" Wendy rasped, her mouth drying up. "You've done this before?"

"Lots of times," Amy admitted. She shook her shoulders, her tits brushing
across Wendy's flushed face. "Suck 'em. Go ahead and suck my tits."

Wendy licked her tongue over one swollen nipple as she fondled her cousin's
creamy tittie meat. She squirmed on her back, then sucked a nipple into her
mouth, her tongue lashing across the hard tip.

Amy's breath hissed out. "Ewwww." She pressed her tit against Wendy's mouth.
"Chew em, Wendy. Bite 'em!"

Wendy attacked her cousin's tits. She sucked hard, her fingers kneading the
pulpy meat. She chewed, working her mouth frantically over her tits as Amy
dragged them over her anxious mouth.

"I'm creamin'," Amy gasped as she watched Wendy chew her tits. "Unnnn. My
pussy's really on fire."

Wendy's head was swirling, her own cunt sizzling. She gasped, pawing and
chewing her cousin's tits until the creamy flesh was soaked with spit and
marred with passion bites and teeth marks.

"Do me," Wendy moaned, yanking her head away. "Suck my tits now."

Amy straightened up, her tits jutting out. "Look what you did to them."

Wendy moaned, her eyes bright as she leered at her cousin's tits. "I
couldn't help myself," she gasped. She arched her back. "You do the same
thing to me. Just as hard."

"I will," Amy said. "Don't worry about that." She threw herself on her
cousin, devouring a pink swollen nipple with one suck.

"Ooooo!" Wendy thrashed on her back. The sensation of having her tit sucked
was making her cream. "Oooooo, Amy! Suck! Ummmm ... bite!"

Moaning, her face buried in Wendy's tits, Amy began chewing. She sucked and
nibbled as Wendy twisted beneath her. Her hands roamed over her cousin's
writhing body, scratching and kneading her hot flesh. Amy pressed her cunt
against Wendy's jerking hip, the fuck juices from her pussyhole making
Wendy's flesh sticky and warm.

"You're creamin' on me," Wendy gasped. "Oooo ... shit!" She scratched her
nails through Amy's blonde hair, then crushed Amy's face against her tits.
"Bite! Chew 'em hard!

Amy obliged her cousin. She dined ravenously on Wendy's jiggling white
tittie meat. She sucked, slobbering spit that coated Wendy's tits.

Wendy twisted her shoulders. Amy's snipping teeth were driving her crazy.
Her back arched, her ass twisting and her hip banging into Amy's wet seeping
cunt. "It feels so good, Amy. Oooo, don't stop."

Amy twisted her head and pulled her mouth away from the jiggling flesh of
Wendy's tits. "Wouldn't you rather have me eat your pussy?"

"You mean it?" Wendy moaned as she brought her hands to Amy's tits. "You'd
really eat my pussy?" Wendy had not suspected that her cousin would do that.
But she wasn't complaining.

"If you eat me too," Amy said. She pressed into Wendy's pawing hands.
"Deal?"

"Okay," Wendy gulped. "Oooo, this is all so fantastic."

Amy pushed away Wendy's hands and brought her mouth back to Wendy's tits.
She took one deep suck on each nipple, then nipped her way down over Wendy's
rib cage to the girl's taut stomach. "You're gonna be delicious," she
purred.

Staring wild-eyed up at the ceiling, Wendy squirmed on her back. Amy's hot
sucking mouth was driving her crazy. "Oooo, Amy." She spread her legs wide
and humped. "Don't tease me. Eat my pussy. You said you would."

Amy ignored her. She sucked and chewed Wendy's hips, then licked her tongue
over the girl's belly button. She kneaded Wendy's thighs while her snipping
teeth left a trail of bites in their wake. Amy finally crawled between
Wendy's outstretched legs.

"Your pussy's all juicy and creamy." Amy's mouth watered as she saw filmy
white fuck cream ooze out from Wendy's pink pussy and coat the puffy folds
of her virgin cunt.

Wendy shuddered violently under her cousin's horny gaze. "Do it," she
whimpered. "Lick my pussy."

Amy stroked Wendy's thighs and hips, then dragged a hand through Wendy's
cunt.

"Ooooo. Hot fuck cream. I love it."

Wendy spasmed and lurched up from the bed. It was the first time in her life
anyone had ever touched her pussy. She twisted her hips.

"Lemme check your cherry," Amy taunted. "Gotta make sure."

As Wendy shook, Amy eased her fingers into the seeping gash of Wendy's
virgin cunt. Her fingers hit the thin skin of the girl's cherry.

"Ooooo, you are a virgin," Amy said.

"I ... told ... you," Wendy stammered, her body twitching recklessly on the
bed. She jerked her hips. "Suck my cunt like you did my tits. Come on!"

Amy pulled her fingers from Wendy's virgin pussy and sucked them off.
"Mmmmm. I love cunt-cream." She scratched her nail over Wendy's pulsing clit
and watched her cousin convulse.

"Stop teasing me, Amy." Wendy lifted her ass high and wiggled her hips, her
hands skimming down her own body to her pussy. She spread her puffy folds,
exposing her pussy. "Eat me. Lick me. I'll go crazy if you don't." She
pulled back the sheath that protected her clit. "Suck on my clit so I can
cum." She crashed back to the bed and moaned.

"Roll over," Amy said. "I wanna lick your ass first."

"God," Wendy gasped. "Why are you torturing me?"

"Don't you like it?"

"I don't know," Wendy moaned, her head swimming in a pool of lust. "I'm too
hot to know anything."

"Then do what I tell you and we'll both have a blast." Amy pinched her
cousin's clit. "Now roll over."

Wendy couldn't do anything but obey. Whimpering, she rolled to her

stomach, squirming like a snake as Amy raked her ass-cheeks with her nails.

"Ummm," Amy sighed as she scratched the soft meat of Wendy's ass. She
brought her mouth to one jiggling asscheek and sank her teeth into it.

"Owwww!" Wendy cried as she jerked her hips. "You're biting too hard!"

Amy wasn't listening. She attacked her cousin's ass with a vengeance,
chewing and sucking until every creamy inch was red and glistening with
spit. She spread Wendy's ass-cheeks, then fused her mouth to the crack of
Wendy's ass. She sucked and chewed all around the entrance to Wendy's
shitter, then soaked it with spit.

"Christ!" Windy squealed as she thrashed on her stomach. "Oooo!" She slammed
back at Amy, battering her face with her ass. "Oooo! That feels strange."

Amy moaned and plunged her tongue into her cousin's asshole. The ringed ass
muscle closed around her tongue as she wormed it deep. She raked Wendy's
jiggling hips, her tongue tormenting the narrow canal of Wendy's shithole as
her spit soaked in. Wendy went out of her mind. She rolled her hips and
jammed her ass back into Amy's face. Arms straight, she grabbed the sheet,
twisting it in her hands as Amy's ass-fucking tongue drove her mad.

Amy sucked and chewed on Wendy's ass while her nails scratched down Wendy's
back, over her hips and down the backs of her thighs. She chewed her way out
and attacked the asscheeks again, her nails now touching Wendy's cunt and
clit.

Wendy went wild. Bucking and twisting, she screamed. Her arms slapped at the
bed, her shoulders jerking as spit drooled from her whimpering mouth. "Stop
it! I can't stand anymore!"

Amy pulled her spit-coated face away from the jiggling meat of Wendy's ass.
She was breathing hard, her tits rising and failing with each jagged gasp
for air.

"Get on your back," Amy panted. "I want your pussy now."

The words were music to Wendy's ears. She squealed with glee and threw
herself over to her back. She shook her ass as she waited for Amy to attack
her cunt.

Drooling, her eyes glowing, Amy enthusiastically attacked Wendy's cunt. She
slammed her face against Wendy's cunt, sucking the puffy meat of her
cousin's pussy into her eager mouth. She sucked hard, pussy-cream saturating
her face. Amy's hands skimmed under Wendy's jerking ass. She gouged her
nails into Wendy's asscheeks and, at the same time, chewed the sweet-tasting
meat of her cousin's cunt.

Wendy screamed at the top of her lungs. Her body went into spasms and she
ground her cunt into Amy's face. "Chew me! Suck me!" She humped up, her hips
swiveling as Amy's snipping teeth drove her wild. "Oooo! Chew! Suck!
Unnn--like that!"

Amy was out of her mind too. She snapped at her cousin's cunt, then whipped
her tongue up through the virgin cunt slit. Pussy-cream flowed over Amy's
face and into her mouth. She swallowed.

Wendy went insane from the tongue in her pussy. She ground her cunt into her
cousin's face, her ass humping as Amy raked her ass-cheeks with her nails.
She balled her fists, pounding them on the bed as her plump tits flopped
around.

Amy chewed viciously on her cunt. She clawed her asshole, then plunged a
finger into her shitter as Wendy's high-pitched wails filled the room. Her
finger twisted inside Wendy's shitter as she sucked and chewed at Wendy's
bubbling cunt.

Wendy came off the bed, then crashed back, her body contorting as her ass
muscles twitched around Amy's jabbing finger. "Get me off! Suck my clit!
Christ! I can't stand anymore!"

Keeping her mouth plastered to Wendy's creaming pussy, Amy pulled her finger
from her cousin's asshole. She struggled to her knees, her mouth still
sucking and chewing wildly. Twisting her head, Amy inched her body around,
then straddled Wendy's thrashing frame.

Wendy was watching through glassy lust-crazed eyes. She gulped as she saw
the red gash of Amy's pussy above her head.

Amy took her mouth off her cousin's cunt. She caught her breath.

"Play with me while I suck you off," Amy panted. "Finger me, scratch me. Do
anything you want."

She then slammed her face back, gobbling Wendy's cunt into her mouth.

Wendy's head was reeling. She humped her cunt against Amy's teeth, her eyes
glued to the glistening slit of Amy's cunt. She shivered, her mouth
watering.

"Ooooo!" Wendy squirmed, raking her nails down the back of Amy's thighs.
"Bite me! Make me cum"'

Wendy lunged up, mashing her clit into Amy's teeth. She twisted her neck,
sinking her teeth into Amy's thigh and chewing as Amy snipped at her clit.

Having her flesh devoured by Wendy drove Amy crazy. Amy sucked hard,
stretching Wendy's clit as she snapped her head back and forth. She chewed
the pulsing piece of sensitive flesh. Pussy-cream flowed into Amy's mouth as
she jerked her hips and wiggled her ass.

Wendy was out of her mind. Thrashing on her back, her clit trapped between
Amy's teeth, she attacked her cousin's ass, clawing and biting as she
quickly raced toward an explosive orgasm.

"I'm gettin' ready!" Wendy screamed. The next instant, she sank her teeth
into Amy's ass cheek.

A muffled cry was trapped in Amy's throat as she devastated Wendy's clit
with her teeth and tongue. She sucked her pulsing clit, her teeth holding it
captive. Amy moaned, her ass jerking as Wendy used her teeth.

Wendy lunged up, grinding her clit into Amy's teeth. Her head fell back to
the bed, and she stared wild-eyed at Amy's cunt as she reached the peak.

With Wendy clawing Amy's ass cheeks and asshole, Amy snapped at Wendy's
clit. She sucked hard, her teeth gnawing as she brought Wendy to an orgasm.

"I'm cumming!" Wendy shrieked as an orgasm exploded deep in her virgin cunt.
"I'm cumming!"

Wendy thrashed on her back, her hips churning, her ass thudding against the
mattress. Hot buttery pussy-cum gushed from her virgin cunt and flowed over
Amy's buried face.

Amy chewed and sucked harder, then battered Wendy's clit with her tongue.
She gulped at the flowing pussy-cum, swallowing greedily as it poured from
Wendy's exploding cunt. She jammed back at Wendy as Wendy's clawing nails
made her pussy spasm.

"Unnhhh," Amy gurgled as cum trickled down her throat. "Unhhh."

Wendy twisted her hips, her clit still caught between her cousin's teeth.
"I'm cumming again!" she screamed as she lunged up from the bed. "Oooo ...
I'm cumming again!"

Orgasms whipped through Wendy's virgin pussy, spreading to every nerve in
her quaking body. She arched her back and lifted her head, her screams
muffled as she gnawed viciously on the checks of Amy's swiveling ass. She
clawed her cousin's ass and hips, her nails dragging through Amy's ass
crack.

Amy was in bliss. She sucked hard on Wendy's clit, her own orgasm building
in her pussy as she kept Wendy creaming. Amy chewed, her body twitching as
Wendy battered her face with her cunt. Her arms circled Wendy's thrashing
hips, her nails attacking her cousin's ass. The tremendous sucking and
thrashing motions made by Amy seemed, at times, on the verge of ripping away
Wendy's clit.

Wendy went berserk. "I can't stop cumming!" she screamed as she smashed her
cunt into Amy's face. "Oooo ... keep biting. Oooo, I'm cumming ... cumming!"

Wendy went insane as she chewed Amy's ass. She brutalized her cousin's
creamy ass cheeks, her nails scratching over Amy's hips and the backs of her
thighs. Slamming her climaxing cunt into Amy's mouth, she sank her teeth
into Amy's ass and gnawed the flesh.

Amy shoved back, rotating her hips. Wendy's teeth hurt, and the pain made
her go crazy. Amy sucked hard, the pulsing piece of raw meat caught between
her teeth. She whipped it with her tongue as Wendy's muffled shrieks of joy
echoed in her ears. Wendy went into convulsions. Her head dropped back to
the sheet. She snapped her head from side to side, her pussy on fire as
Amy's mouth ravaged her.

The next instant, Wendy lunged up, then collapsed back on the bed,
whimpering and twitching as her orgasm left her. "No more! No more!"

Amy eased the pressure on Wendy's clit. She lifted her head.

"Now me!" Amy squealed. "Get me off!"

Wendy attacked her cousin's cunt with the same brute force and, as Amy had
tongue-fucked her, in seconds, Amy was screaming and climaxing with her own
tight orgasm. Minutes later, it was over, and the two girls lay on the bed,
the only sounds being their heavy breathing.



Chapter 2

"Whewww," Wendy sighed. The taste of Amy's pussy was still in her mouth. "I
hope your mother didn't hear us."

"It wouldn't matter," Amy said cryptically. "Anyway, mom left the house
early. She told me last night."

"How come she wouldn't care?" Wendy asked.

"I'll tell you later. C'mon, let's get dressed and go out to the barn."

Wendy, having finally experienced sex with another person, was now eager for
anything. "Will you bring your friend over?"

"Which friend is that?" Amy giggled.

"Shit, you know. The girl you had sex with."

Amy giggled. "You'll meet her." She ran into her room to dress. "See you
downstairs."

Wendy dressed quickly, her heart racing. She licked her lips again, the
taste of her cousin's pussy making her cunt tingle.

"Let's go," Amy said as Wendy rushed into the kitchen.

"What are we gonna do in the barn?" Wendy asked as they stood on the back
porch.

"Play around," Amy said. She rushed down the steps and hurried across the
yard. "You coming?"

"Yeah!" Wendy squealed, taking off after her cousin. "Why don't you call
your friend and have her come over? The three of us could have a ball."

Amy threw open the barn door. "She'll be over later," she said. She strolled
into the barn and over to the two stalls. "You wanna go horseback riding,
Wendy?"

"I wanna fool around," Wendy said. She scratched Lobo's head. "We can go for
a ride later."

Lobo nuzzled his face against Wendy's plump tits.

The contact sent hot shivers up and down Wendy's spine. "Oooo!" she gasped.
She didn't move, her body quivering as she waited for him to do it again.

Amy noticed what Wendy was doing and smiled. "You wanna ride naked?"

"God," Wendy gasped. The idea made her head spin. "Did you ever do it?"

"I've done it a lot with Lobo and Apollo," she said, letting Apollo nuzzle
her tits. "It's wild sitting on their backs naked. You'd like it."

Lobo's mouth brushing over Wendy's tits was making Wendy sizzle. The thought
of getting on his back naked was making her dizzy. "Let's do it," she
quickly moaned.

Reluctantly, Wendy moved away from Lobo. She peeled off her shirt, her tits
flopping free. The nipples were already swollen.

"I guess we shouldn't have got dressed," Wendy giggled. She shivered and
peeled off her jeans and panties. "I'm hot again. Damn."

Amy's mouth watered as she leered at Wendy's naked body. Quickly, she
stripped off her own clothes. "How far you wanna ride?" she asked.

Wendy didn't know what to say. She opened Lobo's stall and led him to the
center of the barn. Being naked out in the barn was exciting, but she didn't
think she had the nerve to go riding naked. "Let's just stay here, okay?"

"Sure," Amy said. "We can have a lot of fun. Get on his back. You'll see."

"Easy, Lobo," Wendy whispered nervously. "Easy." She grabbed his thick mane
and pulled herself up on his back.

Lobo tossed his head and snorted as Wendy clutched his flanks with her legs.
He pawed the ground, his tail swishing as the muscles under his chestnut
coat rippled.

"How do you like it?" Amy asked. She stroked Lobo's forehead to calm him.
"Easy, boy. Easy."

Wendy swayed, her tits jiggling. A lump clogged her throat as she ground her
cunt into Lobo's coat. "Ahhhh! It feels good!"

"I know," Amy giggled.. "If you jerk back and forth, you'll cum."

Wendy's eyes widened and her face flushed. She shuddered and jerked her hips
forward. The rough hair of Lobo's coat pricked her sensitive cunt and clit.

"Feels good, huh?"

"Oh, God." Wendy shuddered, her cunt oozing fuck cream as tiny spasms
rippled through her virgin pussy. "Ooooo."

While Amy watched and stroked Lobo's forehead, Wendy leaned forward and
wrapped her arms around his thick neck. She pressed her tits into him, his
rough coat turning her flesh to a glowing pink.

"I'm creamin'!" Wendy gasped. "Ooooo, this is great!"

Lobo snorted. The child's lust was agitating him. He shook his head, then
began nibbling noisily on Amy's plump ripe tittie meat.

Wendy saw what was happening. "Be careful," she moaned. "He might bite." Her
cunt was on fire as she glided her pussy back and forth along his back.
"Oooo! His hair tickles my cunt."

"Lobo loves tits," Amy giggled as the horse slobbered all over her sensitive
tits. "So does Apollo."

Wendy couldn't believe her ears. Seeing Lobo feast on Amy's tits really blew
her mind. She jerked forward, her eyelids fluttering as his rough coat
pricked her swollen clit. "How does it feel?"

"You'll find out after you cum," Amy promised as she fed Lobo her tits.
"Chew 'em, Lobo. Chew 'em up."

As Wendy creamed his back, Lobo feasted on Amy's tits. He snorted, his big
rubbery lips gobbling her swollen nipples. He whacked his thick tongue over
her tittie meat, making her tits jiggle as his tail swished.

"Cream him, Wendy," Amy gasped as she fed her tits to the hungry horse.
"Cream his fuckin' back." She swayed, her horse's wet mouth making her cunt
ooze. "Oooo, cream ... Wendy!"

Clutching his flanks tightly with her legs, Wendy dragged her cunt back and
forth. She whimpered, her tits flopping as her face twisted with passion.

"Oooo, I'm gettin' close," Wendy gasped. "My, God. I'm gonna cum." She
jammed her cunt against Lobo's coat, the inside of her pussy pulsing as she
raced toward her orgasm. "Oooo, watch me, Amy. Watch me!"

"I'm watching," Amy panted as Lobo devoured her plump tits. "Cum!"

Holding onto his mane, Wendy twisted her hips and ground her clit into his
prickly coat. "Ahhhh ... I'm cumming! I'm cumming!" Wendy bucked wildly, her
tits bouncing as she twisted her hips and ground her climaxing cunt into
Lobo's coat. "Oooooo ... I'm cumming!"

"Hold on!" Amy squealed. She scratched Lobo's forehead. "Easy, boy. Easy.
Cream, Wendy. Cream him but don't fall off."

With Wendy thrashing on his back and soaking his coat with pussy-cum, Lobo
tossed his head in the air and snorted. His big eyes bulged and his tail
swished. The teenager's screams made his prick twitch. He neighed, nudged
Amy's tits, then gobbled them into his mouth as Wendy screamed again.

Wendy rocked precariously on the horse's back. Her head snapped from side to
side, her brown hair lashing across her crimson face. "Oooo, I'm gonna fall!
I'm gonna fall!"

"Go ahead," Amy giggled as Lobo slopped spit over her tits. "You won't get
hurt if you land right."

Wendy held onto his mane, but her legs were weakening. Like melted butter,
she slipped from the horse, winding up on the hay-strewn floor, twitching
and whimpering.

"Oooo, Christ. My pussy's still burning. I gotta cum again," Wendy moaned.

Amy's body tingled. "C'mon, Lobo. Finish her off." She turned Lobo around.
"Go on. Take care of her."

"Oh, God!" Wendy gasped as she looked wildly up at the horse. His size
frightened her, but she was too hot to do anything but quiver. "Oh, God!"

Lobo saw the jiggling meat of Wendy's tits and brought his slobbering mouth
to one swollen nipple. With his tail swishing, he gobbled on her tit,
soaking it with warm drool. Wendy's squeals excited him and his prick began
to grow.

"Chew her tits," Amy moaned as she squatted beside Wendy. "Get her crazy."

"I am crazy," Wendy gasped as Lobo dined noisily on her tittie meat. "Oooo
... his lips are so soft and warm." She writhed on her back, her eyes bright
with passion as she stared at Amy.

"Enjoying yourself?" Amy sighed.

"Yesssss!" Wendy hissed as she arched her back. "Unnnnn, he's nibblin' on my
tits. Oooo!" She reached out and grabbed one of Amy's tits. "I gotta cum,
Amy. I gotta cum."

Amy let her cousin paw her tit. She smiled lewdly. "What do you want me to
do about it?" she teased.

"Eat my pussy while Lobo licks my tits," Wendy gasped as she twisted on her
back. "Suck my cunt."

"Lobo will take care of that," Amy said. "He loves pussy."

"Oh, God!" A spasm ripped through Wendy's virgin cunt. "I don't believe it!"

"You'll see," Amy said. "Once he gets the scent of your cunt, he'll gobble
you up."

"Oooooo!" Wendy thrashed on her back, her hands going to Lobo's mouth as he
turned her tittie flesh a bright pink with his nibbling teeth and lashing
tongue. "My pussy, Lobo. Eat my pussy." She pushed at his head, anxious to
feel his mouth between her legs. "Eat my pussy."

Lobo flipped his head and neighed. His mane swished across his neck as
slobbering drool dripped from his rumbling mouth. He snorted, his nostrils
flared, then he dropped his head and began chewing on Wendy's tits again.

Wendy trembled. Fear and lust ran rampant through her young virgin body. She
rolled her hips, her cunt oozing out a steady flow of warm sudsy
pussy-cream.

"Make him eat me," Wendy begged. "Please, Amy. Make him eat my pussy."

"Look at his cock first," Amy said. "Look at it."

Wendy twisted her head and stared between Lobo's legs. What she saw made her
swoon. "Ohhh, Amy. He's hard. He's got a hard-on!" She shuddered, her cunt
contracting as she ogled Lobo's long thick cock. "Ooooo!"

Lobo whinnied and moved his wet slurping mouth away from her tits. He had
finally picked up the scent of Wendy's overheated pussy. He chewed his way
lazily down her writhing body, nibbling and licking her silky flesh. He
soaked her stomach and twisting hips, the scent of her hot sizzling cunt
growing stronger. He snorted, then attacked her thighs, lapping at the soft
sticky skin.

Out of her mind, Wendy squiggled around on the ground and spread her legs
wide, humping her cunt up at the horse's face. "Eat me! Eat me!"

Lobo neighed, his head jerking. His tail swished as he pawed the ground. His
cock ached and his balls throbbed. The scent of her turned- on pussy rumbled
the cum in his huge nuts.

"Eat her!" Amy squealed.

Lobo dropped his head, banging his nose into Wendy's cunt. Fuck cream flowed
over his rubbery lips and into his nostrils. He snorted, then banged his
mouth against her cunt again.

Wendy went wild. She lunged up, slamming her cunt at his mouth. "Chew it!"
she squealed. "Make me cum, Lobo!" Her tits flopped and her back arched. She
swiveled her hips, trembling as Lobo slashed his tongue up through her
virgin slit.

Amy crawled close and leaned over, staring into Wendy's lust-crazed face.
"Did you like seeing his cock?"

"Unnnn," Wendy moaned as she thrashed on her back. "Yessss. It was so big!"
She swooned as Lobo's tongue continued to drive her mad.

Lobo snorted, then flashed his tongue over the puffy meat of Wendy's cunt.
Cream coated his tongue and flowed over his lips. He pushed his mouth
against her cunt, and pussy juice oozed into his nostrils. He sneezed and
his head jerked up, causing his nose to mash against her clit.

"Chew me!" Wendy squealed. "Christ! I gotta cum!" She looked drunkenly at
Amy, her panting mouth drooling. "I'm so hot. So fuckin' hot!"

Amy massaged her wet jiggling tits. "He'll get you off," she murmured.
"Think of his cock while you're cumming."

"Oh, Amy," Wendy gasped, her hips jerking frantically as she talked. "I
can't get it out of my mind."

"Cream him, Wendy.. Cream his fuckin' mouth," Amy said.

"I'm trying," Wendy gasped. "God."

She lifted her head and leered at the horse as he gobbled her cunt. It blew
her mind.

"Ahhhh, I'm gettin' close, Amy!" She lunged up, banging her cunt against
Lobo's mouth.. "Oooo!" Her back twisted, her ass rubbing into the hay as her
tits flopped in Amy's pawing hands. "So close!"

"Chew her up!" Amy shrieked. "Make her cum, Lobo!"

Lobo chomped hungrily on Wendy's hot buttery cunt. He gobbled her pussymeat
into his mouth, then reamed his tongue through the entrance of her virgin
hole. His flanks heaved, her passion making his balls sore.

Wendy slammed her cunt into his face. "Ahhhhh!" Her ass thudded back to the
ground and she shuddered. "I'm there! I'm there! I can't cum. He's not
touchin' my clit!"

"He'll get it," Amy said. "Then you'll cum all over the fuckin' barn."

Lobo whipped his tongue over her blood-engorged clit. He nibbled on it with
his wet lips as Wendy battered his mouth. Snorting, he pushed his mouth
against her cunt and began nibbling on her clit with his teeth. It was all
Wendy needed to cum.

"I'm cumming!" Wendy shrieked. "I'm cumming, Amy!" She thrashed like a
wildcat on the barn floor, mashing her cunt into Lobo's greedy mouth. "I'm
cumming!"

"Cream him!" Amy squealed as she destroyed Wendy's tits with her mauling
hands. "Cream him!" She rocked on her haunches, her eyes glazed as she
watched Wendy climax. "Oooo, bite her, Lobo! Bite her fuckin' cunt!"

"He is!" Wendy screeched as Lobo snagged her clit with his teeth. "He's
fucking chewing my clit and I'm cumming all over his fuckin' face!"

Lobo whinnied, his nostrils clogged with pussy-cum. He chewed on her clit
while cum flowed into his mouth and over his rubbery lips. He beat her clit
with his broad tongue, lashing it over and over her clit as Wendy banged her
climaxing cunt into his mouth.

"I'm cumming!" Wendy squealed. Her ass thumped on the ground as her hips
drove her cunt against Lobo's teeth. "He's so good! He's driving me crazy!"

"Keep chewing!" Amy screamed. She rocked on her haunches, her own pussy on
fire as she watched her cousin cream. "Oooo, I'm creamin' from just watching
you!"

Wendy thrashed maniacally on her back. Her tits were sore from Amy's rough
handling. She slammed at Lobo's face, her cunt exploding again as another
wave whipped through her virgin pussy. "I'm still cumming! I can't stop!"

Lobo attacked her clit with his teeth. He chewed it and beat it with his
tongue.. Snorting, he gobbled nearly all of her pussy into his mouth and
began chewing as he shook his head from side to side.

"Amy!" Wendy screamed. "Oooooo ... Amy!" She lifted her legs, locking Lobo's
head between her thighs. "Chew me! Chew me! Ahhhh!" She swiveled her hips,
her ass high, her pussy mashed against the horse's feasting mouth. "Ahhhh!"

Lobo, his head trapped, twisted his neck, taking a screaming Wendy with him.
He gnawed on her clit and backed up, dragging Wendy with him as she humped
her pussy at his chomping mouth.

"Oooo, Wendy. Cream! Cream!" Amy urged.

Wendy jerked her hips, her clit grinding into Lobo's teeth. Her head
twisted, her eyes bulging as spit drooled from the corners of her mouth.

She clawed at the ground as Lobo dragged her across the barn. "I'm gonna
faint!" Everything started to spin as her hot climaxing body went into
convulsions.

Lobo lifted his head, taking Wendy with him. He shook his head, his teeth
snipping at her pussy as he tried to free himself. He jerked his head
higher, lifting Wendy off the ground.

"Ahhhhh!" Wendy cried as her eyes rolled in their sockets.

Her body went limp, her legs melting from his head. She fell back on the
ground, whimpering and twitching as Lobo reared up and neighed.

"Ohhhh, Amy," Wendy gasped as she tried to catch her breath. "It was
fabulous!"

"We've just started," Amy said, anxious to show her cousin how much fun she
could have with the horses. "There's plenty more to do."



Chapter 3

Wendy leered at the horse. "I'll bet there's lots of things we can do," she
sighed. She looked between his legs at his prick. "Oooo, look at his cock."

Amy staggered to her feet. "How would you like to play with his prick?" she
asked as she calmed Lobo with gentle strokes on his neck.

"Yeah," Wendy said breathlessly. "But I'm afraid he might kick me."

"Don't worry about a thing." She tugged on Lobo's mane. "He likes being on
his side and played with."

Wendy's mouth was watering and her small plump tits ached. She watched as
Amy slowly eased the horse down an his side. "God. What a cock!"

"C'mon over and touch it," Amy said, resting Lobo's head on her lap.

Her tits jiggling, Wendy crawled over to Lobo. She inched closer and stroked
his flank as she ogled his cock hungrily. "It's bigger than anything I ever
imagined."

Lobo whinnied softly as Amy scratched his forehead and Wendy stroked his
flank. His cock was thick with blood. His balls churned with thick cum. He
neighed, the muscles under his chestnut coat rippling anxiously.

"He wants you to touch it," Amy whispered.

"Okay, I will," Wendy said. She skimmed her hand over his stomach, her pussy
twitching as she brushed her fingers over his huge balls. "Oooo."

She glanced over at Amy. "Do you and your friend do this?"

"She's the one who showed me how much fun horses can be," Amy giggled.

When's she coming over?" Wendy asked impatiently. "I wanna meet her."

"I told you, Wendy. She'll be here later."

Wendy grazed her fingers along Lobo's thick prickshaft and over his bloated
cock-head. Spasms whipped through her virgin cunt as Lobo snorted and
flicked his tail. "God, I don't know what to do."

Amy giggled. "Jerk him off. Or, if you want, you can suck his cock."

"Suck it? Oh, Christ!"

"Yeah," Amy rasped. "His cock is delicious." She giggled. "His cum is even
more fantastic than pussy-cum."

Wendy's breath came in a rush. She gripped his cock in both hands. "God,
he's throbbin'. I can feel it." She shifted her fist up and down his long
thick prick as tiny tremors shot through her unfucked pussy.

"Go on, Wendy. Suck it. You'll love it."

Wendy was dizzy with passion. "I don't know," she sighed. She cupped his
heavy balls. "Does he cum a lot?"

"Like piss, only thick and gooey," Amy said. "It squirts in your mouth and
down your throat."

Wendy was trembling, her mouth watering. She squeezed his prick, her eyes
glassy as she stared at the bloated head of his pisser.

"Lick it," Amy whispered hotly as Lobo snorted and flicked his ears. "Taste
his prick."

Wendy squirmed on the ground and lowered her head. She flicked out her
tongue and slithered it up the length of his cockshaft. A shuddering spasm
whipped through her cunt. She sloshed her tongue down to his balls and
lapped them until they were coated with warm drool.

Amy moaned and stroked Lobo's head. "Easy, boy," she soothed. "Wendy will
suck you."

Lobo lifted his head and whinnied. His tail swished across the ground as the
muscles in his rump rippled. His rubbery lips rumbled and he dropped his
head back to Amy's lap, his big eyes staring up at her.

"She'll take care of you," Amy said softly. "Be patient."

Wendy lifted her head. Her entire body was shaking. "I'm afraid to put it in
my mouth," she said, her voice quaking.

Amy smiled, remembering her first time. She had been afraid too. "You suck
him off and I'll fuck Apollo for you."

Wendy's mouth dropped. "You ... you'll fuck ... Apollo?" Her hands closed
tight around Lobo's cock.

"I've been fuckin' them both since school let out," Amy bragged. "If you'd
have fingered my pussy, you would have known I wasn't a virgin."

"Jeez," Wendy gasped. A spasm racked her virgin cunt. She looked at Lobo's
prick, longing to suck. She stared at Amy, anxious to see her fuck the giant
black stallion.

"You promise?"

"Sure. I fuck at least one of them every day."

Wendy's head was reeling. A dirty giggle escaped her mouth.

"What are you laughing about?" Amy asked.

"This morning, when I was in bed, I was wishing I hadn't come up to visit."

"You glad now?"

"I sure am," Wendy said. "All my dreams are gonna come true."

"Then start suckin'. If I don't get fucked soon, I'll go crazy."

"Does your friend fuck them too?"

"We both do. Every day. Will you shut up about her and suck his cock, before
he gets angry?"

Shivering with excitement, Wendy brought her mouth back to Lobo's thick
throbbing cock. She fused her lips to his prickshaft and glided them up and
down his cock, her tongue flicking rapidly.

Lobo whinnied and jerked his rump as Wendy's hot mouth heated the cum in his
balls. His tail slapped at the ground and slobbering drool dripped from his
rubbery lips.

"Put it in your mouth," Amy said, keeping Lobo as calm as possible. "Suck
him!"

Wendy squirmed down lower, her mouth wide open. She slipped her quivering
lips over the bloated head of Lobo's prick and sucked. Spasms rippled
through her unfucked cunt as Lobo whinnied and jerked on his side.

"That's it!" Amy squealed. "Suck him!"

With the head of Lobo's cock in her mouth, Wendy sucked. She swirled her
tongue around his prickhead and through his pisser. She stroked his
cockshaft, her fingers shifting up and down his throbbing meat. Quivering,
she inched his cockhead along the roof of her mouth, his cock throbbing
against her clinging lips as cockmeat filled her mouth and flattened her
tongue.

Lobo whinnied, his prick aching. He jabbed his cock into her throat. He
lunged again, piercing her gullet with his cockhead.

Wendy yanked her mouth off his prick and gasped. Her face was red and she
was breathing hard.

"He's gonna rip out my throat," Wendy panted. "I don't think I can do it."

"Don't be a shit, Wendy," Amy sneered. "If I can do it, you can." She
scratched Lobo on the head. "Just relax. Lobo will do the rest."

Wendy wanted to. She swayed, her tits heaving as she stared hungrily at his
prick. A lump clogged her throat.

"If you wanna see me get fucked, you better suck him off. And, if you wanna
lose your cherry, you better do it now."

Wendy nodded. Losing her cherry had been all she thought about for months.
"I'll do it," she whispered huskily. She brought her mouth back to Lobo's
huge prick and took his cock-head between her lips. She sucked.

Lobo neighed and jerked his rump. His head came off Amy's lap as he inched
his fat throbbing prick along the roof of Wendy's mouth. Spit dripped from
his lips and his entire body twitched as Wendy's wet sucking mouth rumbled
the cum crammed in his huge balls.

"Fuck her face," Amy whispered as Lobo dropped his head back to her lap.
"Suck him, Wendy. Get it all."

Wendy gagged as Lobo's cock reached her throat again. She gurgled, her
tongue swishing across his prickshaft as his cock stretched her gullet. She
held his cock at the base, her eyes wide, her face flushed. He was pushing
his prick into her throat and it boggled her mind.

Amy leaned over to watch. "You're gettin' it!" she squealed, her tits
slapping at Lobo's drooling mouth. "Take his prick to his balls."

Lobo twisted his head and slapped his tongue over Amy's ripe tits. He
nibbled on the nipples with his big slobbering lips, whinnying as he jabbed
his cock into Wendy's mouth.

Forcing herself to relax, Wendy gulped as his fat throbbing cock stretched
her throat. A gag was trapped in her gullet, but she refused to give up. She
was going to show her cousin she could take every inch of the horse's huge
cock.

"Go on," Amy urged as Lobo chomped on her tits. "Suck him. Take him to his
balls!" She wrenched her shoulders and moaned as Lobo snapped at her tittie
meat.

Lobo fucked his cock deep into Wendy's throat. He neighed, his drooling
mouth soaking Amy's tits. His rump jerked, the muscles rippling as he fucked
his cock deeper into Wendy's tight throat.

"You're almost there!" Amy gasped. "Suck him."

Wendy felt Lobo's cock throbbing in her gullet. Her lips were at her fingers
and she pulled them away. She slammed her face forward as Lobo lurched,
taking his prick to his balls. She felt his cum-filled balls against her
chin. She had taken every inch of his cock, and it blew her mind.

Amy saw and squealed with delight. "Suck him, Wendy. Chew his cock."

Overwhelmed with confidence, Wendy moved her lower jaw, her teeth scraping
along the base of his prickshaft as his cock throbbed deep in her gullet.
She sucked as he jabbed, his balls hitting her chin. She jerked her head,
fucking her own throat with his cock as he jerked on his side.

Amy creamed as she watched Wendy feast on Lobo's dick. She slapped her tits
at his whinnying mouth.

"Bite 'em," Amy gasped. "Fuck her face! She shuddered as Lobo snagged a
nipple, almost tearing it off her tit. "Ahhhh!"

Lobo went wild. He twisted his rump, his cock spearing Wendy's throat as she
sucked and gnawed on his prick. He whinnied, his head up, his lips and
tongue attacking the white creamy flesh of Amy's plump tits.

"Fuck her face!" Amy squealed as she battered the horse's mouth with her
tits. "Suck him, Wendy. Make him cum!"

Wendy was in heaven. She took his powerful jabs, allowing the horse to fuck
hard into her throat. It thrilled her and she sucked greedily, her fingers
hefting his balls and massaging the cum-filled ball-sac. She gulped, her
head bobbing as she met each jab.

"Cum!" Amy squawked as she whacked her tits across Lobo's mouth. "Cream her
fuckin' face, Lobo!"

Wendy's head was reeling. She felt Lobo's cock swell in her mouth. His
throbbing prick-shaft beat against her clinging lips. She used her tongue,
whipping across his prick as he fucked her face with quick jabs.

"Unnnn," Wendy moaned as he pierced her throat. "Unnnn."

Amy was trembling. "He's gonna cum, Wendy. Oooo ... he's really gonna cum!"

Lobo neighed shrilly. His balls were about to burst. He lunged hard, fucking
his prick to the root. His balls whacked against her chin and his rump
jerked as Wendy's teeth gnawed on his cockshaft.

Wendy sensed the frenzy in the horse. She began to shake, knowing that, at
any second, the animal would be shooting his cum into her mouth. The
knowledge made her cream. She attacked his shaft with greedy enthusiasm,
anxious to drink the cum rumbling in his balls.

"Cum!" Amy screamed. "Cum, Lobo!"

Lobo's balls erupted then. A thick river of cum shot up through his fat
cockshaft and spurted from the tip of his prick. He neighed, his lips
quivering and drooling as his balls churned and spewed out another wad of
thick cum.

The hot gooey spunk splattered against the back of Wendy's throat. She
gagged, her eyes popping as he fucked his squirting prick deep into her
gullet. She held his balls, squeezing them as she bobbed her head
frantically up and down his prick.

"Suck out his balls!" Amy shrieked. "Suck him. Bite his cock!"

With her mouth flooded with cum, Wendy gently used her teeth on his
prickshaft. She chewed and sucked, getting huge lumps of cum in her mouth.
She gulped, taking a wad right into her stomach.

Lobo went crazy. His chest heaved and he snapped at Amy's tits as he lifted
his head and whinnied. He lunged at Wendy's face, his balls rumbling and
churning out wad after wad of thick gooey cum. He neighed, bit Amy's tit
hard, and fucked his cock deep into Wendy's throat.

Wendy choked as the horse's jizz spurted into her mouth. She chewed and used
her tongue, her cheeks filling with spunk. It was coming too fast, and, for
a second, she thought she was going to drown.

"Owwww!" Amy wailed as Lobo bit her tit again. "Bite him Wendy. Drain his
fuckin' balls!" She rocked back and forth, her head spinning as she watched
Lobo pound his prick into Wendy's mouth. "Ooooo!"

Wendy sucked and swallowed, the cum spilling from her clinging lips and
oozing from her nose. Gagging, she shoved her head forward, meeting his
stabbing thrusts. Now his cum squirted directly into her gullet. She sucked
hard. Her pussy was on fire as she twisted on her side and absorbed Lobo's
lashing stabs.

Lobo's rump jerked. His tail slapped the ground. He twisted his head, his
eyes bulging as he thrashed on his side. Neighing, he bared his teeth as his
legs stiffened and began to twitch.

His erupting balls whacked against her cum-stained chin. Lobo brutalized her
mouth with his fat squirting cock.

She felt dizzy, his jabs making her shudder. Her head shook, but her lips
clung to his cock-shaft. She gnawed on his prick, taking more cum into her
mouth. It flowed over her tongue and down her throat.

Gurgling, she picked up speed, impaling her throat on his cock as Lobo's
thrusts began to slow. She wanted more. She pushed forward, keeping his
prick in her throat as his cock continued to squirt.

Lobo's head crashed to Amy's lap. His thick tongue hung from his mouth, and
he began to twitch. His eyes bulged as Wendy's deep sucks made his balls
ache.

Wendy grabbed his cockshaft with both hands and jerked wildly up and down as
she sucked on his prickhead. The last of his cum oozed over her lashing
tongue and dribbled down her throat. She knew he was finished, but she
couldn't stop.

Lobo's prick finally popped from her greedy mouth, and he staggered to his
feet, his head shaking from side to side. He snorted, his nostrils flaring
as the muscles under his chestnut coat twitched.

Quickly, Wendy rolled away, cum dripping from her panting mouth. She gasped,
looked up from glazed eyes at his limp prick and smiled.

"I did it," Wendy said with satisfaction.

"You sure did," Amy gasped.

Amy threw herself at Wendy, fusing their mouths together as Lobo neighed
and, ignoring the horny girls, walked over to his stall. She plunged her
tongue into Wendy's mouth, getting a wad of Lobo's cum. She sucked it into
her mouth and savored the flavor.

"Mmmmmm," Wendy sighed, her hot sizzling body fused to Amy's. She sucked the
wad of cum from Amy's mouth back into her own mouth and let it ooze down her
throat.

"I wanted some of his jizz," Amy pouted. She rubbed her body against Wendy.
"You got it all."

Wendy giggled. "Now I wanna see you fuck Apollo."

Amy sat up, licked her lips, her blue eyes glowing. "Get him for me."

"I'll be right back." Wendy scrambled to her feet and hurried over to
Apollo's stall. Amy sat trembling on the ground.



Chapter 4

Wendy was quivering as she led the black stallion from his stall.

"You're gonna get fucked, Apollo," she whispered huskily as she stroked the
star on his forehead.

Apollo snorted and nudged Wendy.

"Ewwww," Wendy purred. She jiggled her tits and led the eager horse over to
Amy. "You really gonna fuck him?"

"As soon as I get his cock hard," Amy murmured as she rocked back and forth.
"Get that bench and bring it over here."

Wendy hustled over and dragged back the bench as Amy stroked Apollo's legs.

"Where do you want it?" Wendy asked.

Amy couldn't stop shaking. "Leave it there." She draped her naked body over
the bench and spread her legs. Feet flat on the floor, she waited. "Gimme
his cock, Wendy."

"C'mon, Apollo," Wendy said. She positioned the giant horse over Amy's naked
body, his cock pointed at her face. "God, I can't wait to see this."

"Neither can I," Amy moaned as she began fondling Apollo's balls and sheath.
"Mmmm."

Wendy dropped to her haunches, her eyes glowing as she watched Amy play with
his prick. "Suck it, Amy."

"I will." She lifted her head and swirled her tongue over the horse's
prickhead. Trembling, she worked her hands over his sheath as Apollo pawed
at the ground.

Wendy reached between Amy's legs and ran her fingers through her cunt.
"Oooo, you're creamin'."

"I know," Amy gasped. She sucked the head of Apollo's prick into her mouth.
Using her tongue, she whipped it around his cockhead, sucking hard while she
used her hands on his balls and sheath.

Apollo's head bobbed, his nostrils flaring as he snorted. The muscles under
his sleek black coat twitched and his tail slapped anxiously at his rump.

"He's gettin' hard!" Wendy exclaimed. Her eyes were fixed on Amy's mouth as
the girl gobbled on Apollo's cock.

Wendy jabbed her fingers into Amy's cunt and swooned. She twisted her
fingers, the spongy muscles of Amy's cunt massaging them as warm sudsy
cunt-cream kept them wet.

Amy shuddered and worked her cunt onto Wendy's fingers. Apollo's cock was
growing in her mouth, and the head of his prick was at her throat.

Apollo neighed and tossed his head. He stepped forward, fucking his
thickening prick into Amy's throat. He jabbed at her face, his cockshaft
growing as his balls swelled.

Amy gurgled. She took away her hands and let him fuck deep into her throat.
His balls hit her chin and she quivered. He was almost ready.

Wendy saw Apollo's balls hit Amy's chin. The sight made her dizzy. She
pulled her fingers from her cousin's cunt. "C'mon, Amy. He's ready. Fuck
him." She licked her fingers, savoring Amy's pussy juice.

Amy choked as Apollo clogged her gullet with his thick cock. She jerked back
her head, his prick scraping against her teeth. She pushed at his flanks,
then finally popped his cock from her mouth.

"Move him down," Amy panted. "Get him in my cunt." She writhed on her back,
her ass rubbing into the rough wood of the bench.

"Shit!" Wendy squealed. She was excited about helping to put Apollo's cock
in Amy's pussy. "C'mon, Apollo. Move."

Apollo snorted and backed up. His long spit-coated cock dragged over Amy's
tits and stomach, the tip leaving a sticky trail of jizz. He neighed, his
tail swishing and his rump twitching.

Wendy grabbed his cock and moaned. "Oooo, I wish he was fuckin' me."

"He'll fuck you. Don't worry about that." Amy shivered. The hot meat of his
prick seared the flesh of her stomach. "Put him in.."

As Apollo waited anxiously, Wendy dragged the head of his cock through Amy's
hot dripping pussy. She teased her cousin, rubbing the head of his cock over
her blood-filled clit.

"Does it feel good?" Wendy asked.

"Yessss," Amy hissed. "Put it in. Christ, Wendy. Stop fuckin' around and
just do what I tell you."

Apollo neighed, his head tossing high in the air. He lurched forward,
banging the head of his prick against Amy's cunt. "He wants it too," Wendy
giggled. She pushed his cockhead at her cousin's pussy, then took away her
hand. "Give it to her, Apollo. Fuck her!"

Apollo's cock throbbed. He jabbed forward, splitting her pussy with his
prick as hot pussy muscles closed around his cockshaft. Hot cunt-cream
bathed his dick and he jabbed again, sinking his prick deeper with each
thrust.

"Oooo ... he's in me!" Amy squealed. She arched her back and swiveled her
hips. "Fuck me Apollo. Fuck me!"

Wendy gasped, her eyes popping as she watched Apollo's cock sink into her
cousin's pussy. "Oooo, Amy."

Apollo fucked the last few inches of his prick into Amy's cunt.

Amy thrashed on her back, her tits flopping. She looked at Wendy. "I got it
all. I can feet his balls against me." She lunged up, her face twisting with
desire as she rammed her cunt onto Apollo's stiff prick.

Apollo's head twisted, his mane slashing across his neck. His big black eyes
were glassy. He jerked his rump, plowing his prick into Amy's pussy as she
slammed her body against him.

"Fuck her, Apollo!" Wendy squealed. "Fuck her." She touched his nuts and
trembled. "Ooooo, give her your cum."

"He will," Amy gasped as she lunged at her horse. She grabbed at his body
and raked her nails down his heaving flanks. Her hips jerked as the muscles
in her cunt massaged Apollo's hard piece of cockmeat. "Fuck me! Fuck me!"

Apollo kicked at the ground with his hooves. He dropped his head and
whinnied as he lunged at Amy's pussy. His cock slammed into her, and he
tossed his head high. He jabbed again, his cock stretching her teenage cunt
as the warm frothy cream of her pussy hole bathed his throbbing prick.

"How does it feel?" Wendy moaned as she watched Apollo fuck his cock into
her cousin's cunt. "Tell me."

Amy smiled drunkenly at Wendy. "It's fantastic!" she gasped, her body
shuddering under Apollo's hard stabs. "Ummmm, absolute bliss." She lunged
up, meeting a jab, then quivering as he slammed her back into the bench.
"Ooooo!"

Wendy's flesh broke out in goose bumps. She was drooling, her brown eyes
bright with desire. She stroked Apollo's cum-crammed nuts, her fingers
exploring around his cockshaft and Amy's velvety folds. "I can feel him
fuckin' you," Wendy said.

"So can I," Amy gasped as she lurched up to meet his piercing cock. "Oooo,
fuck me, Apollo. Ram it deep!"

Apollo was getting crazy. Neighing and pawing the ground, he slammed at
Amy's body, fucking his cock deep into her hole. His balls whacked against
her jiggling flesh as warm cream oozed from her gash and soaked his balls
and Wendy's massaging fingers.

"You're creamin'," Wendy moaned. "Shit. I wanna get fucked. I wanna lose my
cherry." She rocked on her haunches, her eyes glued to Apollo's swinging
balls as he fucked his cock in and out of Amy's gulping cunt.

"You will!" Amy squealed as she absorbed Apollo's stabbing thrusts. She
jerked her hips, her ass coming off the bench.

Apollo fucked hard, his prick swelling inside Amy's sizzling cunt. His rump
jerked, his tail slapping back and forth. He stepped forward, fucking deep
with his cock as he pushed the squealing teenager along the bench.

"Shit!" Wendy exclaimed. "Oh, God!" The inside of her virgin cunt was on
fire. "Fuck her, Apollo! Cream her pussy!"

Amy shrieked as she battered her young body into the horse. She lunged up,
her thighs tense, her feet flat on the ground.

"Unnnn. He's so deep, Wendy. So deep," Amy moaned.

Apollo's balls rumbled as they whacked against Amy's quivering body. His
prick swelled, stretching her pussy.. He neighed and fucked hard, driving
the twisting child along the bench.

"It feels so good!" Amy squealed. She clawed his heaving flanks, her ass
thumping on the bench as she jammed his cock into her pussy. "Cream me,
fucker. Cream me!"

"Yessss!" Wendy hissed. "Cream her!" She grabbed his balls and began
squeezing them frantically. "Ooooo, I think he's gonna cum!"

Amy thrashed on her back, her tits flopping, her ass humping up and down.
She ground her clit into his hairy body and screamed as an orgasm began
building deep inside her cock-stuffed pussy.

"I'm ready, Wendy. I'm gonna cream his cock!" Amy lunged up, her body in
spasms as she raced toward an orgasm. "Ooooo ... I'm ready!"

"Cum!" Wendy squealed. "Cum all over his cock!"

Amy reached the peak. Her body went into convulsions. She thrashed like a
wildcat on the bench as her cunt exploded.

Apollo shoved her twisting body along the bench as hot buttery pussy- cum
bathed his drilling prick. He lurched hard. The heat from her pussy was
reaching into his balls and igniting the cum there. His head jerked up and
his lips rumbled as his balls burst.

"He's cumming!" Amy screamed as a thick river of jizz spurted from his
pisser and splashed deep in her cunt. "He's creamin' me!" She went insane.
His hot gooey cum triggered another orgasm deep in her pussy, and she
slammed up into his powerful body. "Ahhhhh!"

Apollo pounded her cunt with brute force. His balls churned, the cum gushing
through his fat cock and squirting from his tip. Spunk spurted deep,
flooding her cock-stuffed pussy. He neighed shrilly, his head bobbing.

Wendy swayed, her eyes glued to Apollo's lashing prick. "Fuck her! Fuck
her!" She licked her lips and saw the cum ooze out from Amy's cunt. "Ooooo,
Amy. Fuck him! Fuck him!"

Amy bucked her hips frantically as she dragged her nails down his flanks.
Her feet came off the floor, and she grabbed at the horse's body with her
legs, holding tight as he plummeted her pussy with his dark prick.

"I'm cumming again!" Amy screeched as Apollo shoved her to the end of the
bench. Her head dropped back and her eyes rolled. "Ahhhh ... I'm cumming!"

Apollo reared up, his cock buried deep. He took Amy with him. Her ass was
high off the bench. He jabbed, dropping back to all fours as his rumbling
mouth drooled. He lunged hard, his rump twitching, his chest heaving. More
cum gushed from his fat cock, flooding Amy's pussy. It gushed out over his
balls and down the crack of Amy's jiggling ass.

Amy screamed and clutched his flanks. Her body was out of control. She
humped up, her ass hammering the bench as she ground her clit into his cock.

Wendy was in a trance. Her mouth was open, but she couldn't speak. Watching
Apollo cream her cousin had boggled her mind. She almost fell over, her eyes
wide and fixed on the cum seeping from Amy's cock- stuffed cunt.

Apollo fucked his cock hard into Amy's climaxing pussy. Cum spewed from his
prick. He jabbed, finally knocking her off the bench.

Amy screamed and held on with her arms and legs as Apollo drilled her cunt.

Apollo reared up again, his hooves kicking at the air as he twisted his
head. His mane slashed across his powerful neck. He dropped back, snorting
and jabbing as he kept the screaming teenager impaled on his squirting
prick.

Amy held on for dear life. "I'm still cumming!" she yelled as her nails
dragged down his flanks. "Ahhhh, I'm still cumming! I can't let go."

Apollo twisted as Amy's arms weakened. He slammed at her body, his erupting
balls slapping at her ass cheeks. He neighed, his head bobbing as drool came
from his rumbling lips.

Amy continued to hump her hips. Her head snapped back and forth as he
dragged her thrashing body across the floor of the barn.

Wendy gasped as she watched Apollo toss her cousin around as if she were a
feather. She scrambled around and saw the cum flowing from Amy's cunt. Her
mouth watered.

Apollo lunged hard, his balls just about drained now. He whinnied, his rump
jerking as he shoved Amy's screaming body over to a pile of hay.

Everything started to spin. Amy's legs weakened, then slipped from his
twitching rump. She went limp, her cunt still stuffed with Apollo's cock.

Apollo stabbed hard, then jerked back, his prick popping from her cunt. A
spraying stream of jizz splattered over Amy's writhing body, dotting her
sizzling flesh. With his cock free, Apollo reared up and neighed. Amy rolled
out of the way.

Wendy crawled over to Amy as Apollo pranced back to his stall. She saw the
cum oozing from her cousin's cunt. She wanted a taste.

"Ooooo!" Amy gasped as Wendy fused her mouth to her cunt. "Ooooo!"

Wendy sucked, getting thick lumps of Apollo's cum in her mouth. She
swallowed greedily, then plunged her tongue deep into Amy's pussy and lugged
out more cum.

Amy writhed and twitched in the hay as Wendy dined on her cum-stuffed pussy.
Amy heaved a deep sigh and squirmed.

Wendy finally finished cleaning her cousin's cunt. She sat up. "When do I
get fucked?"

"After lunch," Amy panted. "We'll come back and you can fuck Lobo."

"I don't want to wait," Wendy said.

"I do." Amy staggered to her feet as Wendy reluctantly pulled on her panties
and jeans. Amy found her own clothes and started dressing.



Chapter 5

"C'mon, Amy," Wendy urged as she gulped down her lunch. "Let's go back to
the barn."

"Don't be in such a hurry," Amy said. "We got all afternoon."

"Talking about all afternoon, where's your friend?"

"She'll be here," Amy giggled.

"I hope she gets here before your mother comes home," Wendy said anxiously.

"Christ. I wanna get fucked." She squirmed impatiently on the chair, her
gaze constantly darting to the clock. "Why don't you call her?"

"Shit, Wendy. Relax. I said she'd be here, didn't I?"

Wendy fidgeted on the chair. "What does she look like? Is she pretty? Does
she have big tits?"

"Nice big tits," Amy said, "and a beautiful ass."

"Oooo," Wendy sighed. "I can't wait to meet her." She drummed her fingers on
the table. "Finish your lunch."

Amy turned her head, listening. "Somebody just came in."

"Shit," Wendy mumbled. "It's probably your mother." She looked up. "Hi, Aunt
Martha."

Amy giggled. "Hi, Mom."

"Hi, honey," Martha said. She kissed her daughter on the cheek and smiled at
Wendy. "You two kids having fun?"

"Yeah," Amy said. She saw how dejected Wendy was and giggled.

Martha noticed too. "Is anything the matter, Wendy?"

"No, Aunt Martha," Wendy said, faking a smile. "Everything's fine."

"She's upset because she wanted to fuck Lobo before you came home," Amy
laughed.

Wendy's face filled with shock, her wide unbelieving eyes darting from Amy
to her mother. "Amy!"

Martha laughed. "Don't get upset, Wendy."

Amy stopped laughing. "I'd like you to meet my friend," she said.

"You ... you mean ..."

"Yeah," Amy snickered. "Mom's the one I've been tellin' you about." She
started to laugh again.

"Has she been teasing you?" Martha asked.

Wendy still didn't believe it. She looked at Amy. "You're crazy."

"Tell her, Mom," Amy said.

"You mean about Lobo and Apollo?" Martha smiled at her niece. "Have you met
them, Wendy?"

"She sucked off Lobo," Amy said. Wendy was stunned.

"Did you like sucking his cock?" Martha asked.

Wendy nodded. A tremor swept through her body. "You do it too?" she asked.

Martha slipped her hands over her daughter's top and began kneading her
tits. "Amy and I have been fucking the horses for months," she said.

Chap

"Oooo ... oooo ... own nipples swelled. She looked at her aunt, a hungry
look in her eyes. "The other things. Are they true too?"

"What other things?" Martha purred. Her face lit up. "You mean, do we make
it together? Of course we do. That's how it all got started. It was silly
for us to hide in our bedrooms and play with ourselves, each hoping the
other didn't find out. Now everything's out in the open."

The words were sinking in even though Wendy was still stunned. Her mouth
watered as she leered at her aunt's large tits hidden under her blouse.

"You don't mind me joining in, do you?" Martha asked.

"Oh, no," Wendy said.

Amy moaned and pressed her tits into her mother's hands. "She kept asking
questions about you."

"Like what?" Martha sighed as she ogled her stunned niece.

"If you were pretty and how big your tits were." Amy giggled. "I told her
you have a beautiful ass."

Their conversation was ringing in Wendy's head. She squirmed in the chair,
her cunt mushy, her panties soaked.

"Do you think I'm pretty?" Martha asked Wendy as she stepped away from her
daughter.

Wendy's breath hissed out. She stared at her crotch where the jeans cut into
her gash. "Yes, Aunt Martha," she whispered. "You're beautiful."

"Wait till you see her naked," Amy said, getting horny as her mother turned
Wendy on. "You'll cream."

Martha slowly undid the buttons on her own blouse. She kept her eyes on
Wendy, her breathing shallow as she slipped her blouse off. "You gettin'
hot, Wendy?"

"Yes," Wendy gulped as she leered at her aunt's bra-bound tits.

Martha unhooked her bra and bared her mammoth tits. She dropped the bra on
the floor and kneaded her tits erotically.

Wendy gasped a spasm tearing through her cunt. "They're gorgeous." Her palms
were sweaty as she ogled her aunt's tits. "Oooo, Aunt Martha." Wanting to
suck on one of her aunt's silver-dollar nipples, she licked her lips
nervously.

Martha smiled hotly and unzipped her jeans. "I'm glad you're not a prude,
Wendy," she cooed, pushing her jeans down over her full hips. "The three of
us are gonna have a lot of fun while you're visiting." She wiggled her legs
and her jeans dropped to her ankles.

As Martha stepped out of her jeans, Amy ran her hands over her mother's
panty-clad ass. "Take off your panties, Mom."

She tugged on them, her mouth drooling. "Show her your gorgeous ass."

Martha moved away from her daughter's caressing hand. She leaned against the
counter, her huge tits heaving. "How 'bout you, Wendy? I'm dying to see you
naked."

"Yeah, strip," Amy said. She stood up as Wendy watched and peeled off her
clothes in seconds. "C'mon." She waltzed over to the counter and stood by
her mother.

Slightly nervous and embarrassed, Wendy stood. Her legs were weak as she
kept her eyes glued to her aunt's fabulous-looking tits. A shiver raced up
her spine and exploded at the base of her skull as she took off her own
shirt and bra. She displayed her plump tits and blushed.

"They took great," Martha said. "I can't wait till I suck 'em."

Wendy pulled off her jeans and panties, exposing her young naked body for
her aunt. She swayed and leaned against the table for support. "Take off
your panties, Aunt Martha," she whispered huskily.

"She's gonna be delicious," Martha said as she feasted her hungry eyes on
her niece.

"Virgin too," Amy said. "Just like I was when you first sucked my cunt."

Martha swooned. She latched her fingers into her panties and pushed them
down, exposing her thick patch of curly brown cunt hair. She wriggled her
hips, the panties slipping down her legs.

Wendy trembled as her aunt walked toward her. She squeezed her legs
together, fuck juices seeping from her pulsing pussy hole and soaking the
soft silky flesh of her inner thighs.

Martha spanned the soft meat of her niece's tits with her hands, the nipples
jabbing into her palms. She squeezed the pulpy meat and sighed.

Wendy almost collapsed. She swayed, her own hands coming up to milk the
creamy flesh of her aunt's tits. Her fingers sank into the soft meat.

"What about me?" Amy moaned. She hurried over and started rubbing her
mother's ass. "I'm part of this party."

"Why don't you get down on your knees and suck on my ass?" Martha moaned. "I
wanna enjoy my hot sexy niece for a minute."

Wendy moaned as her aunt gathered her into her arms. Wendy parted her lips,
her body quaking as Martha squeezed her tits.

Martha gobbled on her niece's lips. She plunged her tongue into Wendy's
mouth and moaned as Wendy sucked. Her hands roamed her niece's hot smooth
flesh as tiny spasms rippled through her cunt.

This was the first time Amy had seen her mother with another female and, for
a moment, she was jealous. She dropped to her knees and began mauling the
cheeks of her mother's ass. She brought her mouth to one ripe ass cheek and
bit it.

"Owwww!" Martha wailed as she yanked her mouth away from Wendy's. She shoved
her ass back at her daughter. "Suck it, honey, but don't bite so hard." She
dropped a hand between Wendy's thighs and stroked her fingers up through her
niece's virgin pussy. "Ummmm, so wet and juicy."

Wendy spasmed. "Oh, Aunt Martha!" She humped her cunt at her aunt's
tormenting fingers.

Martha plunged a finger into Wendy's pussy and hit her cherry. "Oooo, I do
love virgin pussy." She swooned as her daughter slithered her tongue up
through her ass crack. "Aaaah."

Wendy whimpered as she humped her cunt at her aunt's fingers. "Ummm ... I
wanna eat your pussy, Aunt Martha." She swiveled her hips as her aunt's
massaging fingers drove her wild.

"After I've tasted your pussy, Wendy," her aunt purred. She rubbed Wendy's
clit. "Tongue-fuck me, Amy."

Wendy leaned back against the table, her ass digging into the edge. She
rolled her hips, her arms stiff as she tried to keep her balance. "I'm so
hot, Aunt Martha."

"I'll put out the fire with my tongue," Martha moaned as her daughter snaked
her tongue into her shitter. "Oooo, Amy's in my asshole."

Wendy swooned, her ass rubbing against the table. "Do it now," she gasped.
"Do it before I go crazy."

Martha was creaming with anticipation. She had her niece's virgin pussy in
her hand and her daughter was reaming her shithole. She spread her legs, her
tits swaying. "Get on the table, Wendy, and I'll eat you for lunch."

Wendy jerked her hips. Her aunt's fingers were driving her wild. "You gotta
stop playing with my clit so I can," she gasped.

Amy pulled her mouth away from her mother's ass. She stood, anxious to watch
her mother dine on Wendy's cunt. "I'll move the plates," she offered.

"Shit," Martha gasped. "I want your tongue back in my ass." She released
Wendy's sopping cunt and licked her fingers clean. "Mmmm, Tasty."

Wendy gasped and lifted her ass, plopping it on the table. She leaned back,
her eyes bright with desire. "I think I'll cum as soon as you put your mouth
on my cunt," she panted.

"Good," Martha said. "Then the three of us can go in the living room and you
two sexy kids can get me off." She spread Wendy's legs and gazed hotly at
her virgin slit. "It's beautiful.

Wendy rested on her elbows, her tits heaving as she sucked air into her
lungs. She wiggled her ass. "Eat me, Aunt Martha. Eat my pussy."

"Get her off, Mom. I want your ass again." Amy leaned over and massaged
Wendy's tits. "It's great having a mother like mine, huh?"

Wendy nodded, her body quaking. She wriggled her hips, her eyes focused on
her aunt's mammoth tits. She jerked up, panting as Martha sat on the chair.

While her daughter pawed Wendy's tits, Martha brought her greedy mouth to
her niece's juice-stained thighs. She licked, the sweet aroma of her virgin
cunt filling her head. She roamed Wendy's hips and thighs, kneading the
silky skin as she licked her way to her niece's virgin pussy.

"Oooo, Aunt Martha," Wendy sighed. "Don't tease me. Eat my cunt." She
humped, her ass jiggling as it banged against the table. "Tell her to eat
me, Amy."

"Eat her, Mom. I want your asshole." She twisted Wendy's tits. "It's a shame
your mother's not like mine."

Wendy moaned, her head swirling. She thought of her own mother and how
straitlaced and proper she was. Her aunt's hot breath on her cunt was making
her moan.

Her head filled with the scent of her niece's pussy, Martha fused her mouth
to Wendy's sopping cunt. She sucked, drawing into her eager mouth all the
velvety meat of Wendy's pussy. She sucked gently, savoring the exquisite
taste of her niece's virgin cunt.

"Ahhhh!" Wendy gasped. "Ooooo!" Her hips swiveled, her ass rubbing into the
table. "Chew me. Make me cum."

Martha dined sumptuously on her niece's pussy. She slithered her tongue up
through Wendy's slit, then into the pussy hole, tingling as the tip of her
tongue hit her niece's cherry. She sucked, her mouth filling with pussy
cream as her niece pressed her cunt against her mouth.

Amy glanced down at her mother and trembled. Seeing her mother eat Wendy
turned her on. Jealousy was gone. "Bite her, Mom. Make her howl."

Wendy lunged up into her aunt's face. She rocked her hips. "Get me off."

Martha wasn't listening to either of them. She was enjoying her niece's cunt
too much to stop. She reamed her cunt, then chewed on the puffy folds of
Wendy's pussy. Martha sucked them into her mouth, a filmy cream flowing over
her tongue and down her throat. She skimmed her hands under Wendy's jiggling
ass and kneaded the soft ass cheeks as she feasted noisily on her oozing
pussy.

"You're driving me crazy!" Wendy gasped. She slammed her cunt at her cunt.
She glared hotly at Amy. "Shit, she's torturing me."

Amy giggled lewdly. "I learned it from her." She pulled on Wendy's tits.
"She'll get you off after she's enjoyed herself."

With her mouth fused to Wendy's cunt, Martha smiled. Her daughter was right.
She used her tongue, slithering it up through the cunt and over the pulsing
clit. Fuck cream drenched her face and dribbled down her chin.

Each time Martha slapped her tongue over her niece's clit, Wendy shuddered.
Wendy jerked her hips, her legs curling around her aunt's back. She
squeezed, grinding her aunt's face into her cunt.

Martha's moans of pleasure were muffled by her niece's hot buttery pussy.
She swirled her tongue around Wendy's clit, then sucked it into her mouth.
She felt the clit pulse against her lips. She smeared her face in her
niece's cunt, fuck juice flowing over her mouth as she gently sucked.

Wendy lurched up and twisted her hips. She kept her legs around her aunt's
neck, pinning her aunt's mouth to her overheated pussy.

"Bite her, Mom!" Amy squealed as she sadistically twisted Wendy's tits. "Get
her off!"

Martha swirled her tongue over the tip of Wendy's clit and sucked. Her hands
were mashed between Wendy's slamming ass and the table. She sucked harder,
bringing the shrieking teenager to the peak.

"Bite!" Wendy screamed as she hovered at the peak. "Bite!" She slammed her
cunt into her aunt's face. "Ahhh."

Martha sank her teeth into her niece's clit, carrying her over into orgasm.

"I'm cumming!" Wendy screamed. "I'm cumming!" Her cunt exploded as Amy
mauled her tits and Martha chomped on her cunt. "Oooo ... I'm cumming!"

Frothy pussy-cum gushed from the cushiony walls of Wendy's virgin cunt. It
flowed from her pussy hole and washed over her aunt's face. Fuck juice
flowed into her mouth as Wendy battered her pussy against her teeth. She
swallowed and continued to suck and chew on her niece's clit.

"I'm creamin' your mother's face!" Wendy shouted as she smashed her cunt
into Martha's mouth. "Oooo, Amy. I'm cumming!" She swiveled her hips, her
ass pounding the table and her aunt's mauling fingers.

Amy watched and listened as she mangled Wendy's tits. She could hear her
mother's loud sucks, and the sounds made her pussy itch. She swayed and
pinched Wendy's nipples.

Wendy squawked as she thrashed on the table. "Oooo ... you're pullin' off my
tits!" She humped, grinding her cunt into her aunt's face as another orgasm
whipped through her cunt. "Ooooo!"

Gouging Wendy's ass with her nails, Martha destroyed the clit with her
teeth. She chewed hard, then sucked, her head twisting as she pulled
viciously on her niece's clit. She gulped at the cum flowing into her mouth,
moaning and gurgling as her niece pounded her face.

Wendy thrashed her hips, her pussy gushing cum. Fuck cream flowed over her
aunt's face and down the crack of her ass, forming a puddle on the table.
She tightened her grip around her aunt's head, grinding her cunt into her
teeth.

Martha chewed and Wendy screamed. Martha sucked and Wendy howled. Martha
whipped her tongue over the tip of Wendy's clit, and Wendy went insane,
banging her cunt maniacally into her aunt's mouth.

Wendy's head dropped back, her mouth drooling as she gazed drunkenly up at
the ceiling.

"Oooo, she's chewing my clit!" Wendy lurched up, twisted her hips. "Ahhhhh!"

Wendy fell back on the table, writhing frantically. Her back arched and her
legs uncurled. She stiffened, her body trembling as her head snapped back
and forth.

"Oooo, stop!" Wendy squealed. "Stop! I can't cum anymore!" She began
twitching. Her legs dropped and she shuddered. "No more."

Amy released Wendy's tits and plopped in a chair, her own cunt oozing as her
mother brought her head out from between Wendy's thighs.

"Now it's my turn," Martha said. She licked her lips, savoring her niece's
cum. "Let's go in the living room."

The three horny females rushed into the living room. Martha lay on her side
as the two teenager's attacked her hot quivering body.

Amy sucked out her mom's ass, her tongue plunging deep. Wendy sucked on her
cunt and chewed her clit.

Martha climaxed in minutes, drenching Wendy's face as her screams of
pleasure filled the room,

"God," Wendy gasped as she pulled her mouth off her aunt's pussy. "I have to
get fucked now."

"Let's go," Amy said as she scrambled to her feet.

Wendy, the fastest, ran through the house and stopped at the kitchen door as
Amy and Martha caught up. "C'mon. I just gotta get fucked!"

"Don't just stand there," Martha said. "Go on. We're right behind you."



Chapter 6

Wendy ran outside. Amy and her mother were right behind her.

"Oh, shit," Wendy gasped as she ran toward the barn. "I'm gonna lose my
cherry."

Amy threw open the barn door. "C'mon."

Martha grabbed Wendy's hand and pulled her into the barn. "Your mother
should be here to see you lose your cherry," she said.

"Mom's not into this kind of stuff," Wendy giggled excitedly. "You know
that, Aunt Martha."

Martha giggled. "I know. My sister has always been that way." She grabbed
her niece's bare ass. "Maybe we should have her come up anyway. She might
change."

"It wouldn't do any good," Wendy said as she strolled over to Lobo's stall.

"We could have Apollo rape her," Amy suggested. "That would be a blast."
xxxxx Wendy stroked Lobo's forehead as he nuzzled his wet lips against her
plump tits. "I think that's what my mother needs." She sighed as Lobo's warm
spit made the fuck juices in her cunt seep.

"Then that's what we'll do," Martha said. "It's our duty to make sure my
sister gets fucked."

Wendy laughed and led Lobo out to the center of the barn. "Christ, that
would be fantastic!" A shiver raced down her spine as she imagined her
mother getting fucked by Apollo, the giant black stallion. "But it'll never
happen."

She dropped to her knees and stroked Lobo's flanks, her eyes riveted to his
hanging balls and limp prick. She brought her hands to his ball- sac. She
stroked his balls and shuddered.

Amy joined her. "Think of all that cum squirtin' into your cunt," she
whispered.

"I am," Wendy purred as she massaged his sheath and the bloated head of his
cock. "My pussy's on fire."

Lobo whinnied and slapped his tail over his twitching rump. The children's
hands were arousing him. He pawed the ground, his head shaking as Martha
came up and offered him her huge tits to feast on.

"Suck 'em," Martha gasped. She jutted out her huge globes and shook them in
Lobo's fade. "Chew 'em, fucker."

While Lobo dined on Martha's meaty tits, Wendy massaged his sheath. Her
entire body was trembling as she watched the horse's cock begin to grow.

"He's gettin' big!" Wendy squealed. Her mouth watered. "I'm gonna suck him."

"I'll lick his balls," Amy said.

Wendy squiggled under the horse, her mouth drooling as she brought her eager
lips to the fat spongy head of his cock. She swirled her tongue over his
pisser, then sucked his cockhead into her mouth.

Amy attacked his balls, her tongue flashing over his thick ball-sac. She
coated his balls with spit, then plastered her lips to the thick skin.

Lobo neighed and tossed his head, almost knocking Martha to the ground. He
brought his slobbering mouth back to her tits and began nibbling on the
large swollen nipples as the teenagers worked their hungry mouths over his
balls and cock.

"C'mon," Martha gasped as Lobo's mouth devoured her tits. "Get him hard."
She swayed, whimpering as Lobo's mouth became more demanding. "Ooooo!"

Wendy sucked on his cockhead, then pulled her mouth back. She ran her lips
down the length of his prickshaft, meeting Amy at his balls. "He's gettin'
real hard."

"I know," Amy panted as spit dribbled form her lips. "Suck him."

Wendy nibbled her way along his cockshaft until her moist lips touched his
pisser. She sucked his prick into her mouth. His cockhead inched over her
swishing tongue toward the entrance of her throat. She gulped, her teeth
gnawing as his prick turned to steel in her mouth.

Amy watched as Wendy gobbled the entire length of his prick. She moved her
mouth away just as Wendy's chin brushed against his balls. "C'mon, fuck him,
Wendy," she sighed impatiently.

Wendy, her throat stuffed with cock, chewed along his prickshaft until only
the cockhead was between her lips. She slammed forward, piercing her own
throat. A shuddering spasm whipped through her as she imagined him fucking
her cunt.

Martha staggered away from the horse. "C'mon, Wendy. Give him your pussy."

Wendy reluctantly dragged her mouth off Lobo's prick, which was soaked with
spit and rock-hard. "I'm ready," she panted.

Amy scrambled away and dragged the bench back. "Get on it."

Wendy began to shake. She looked at his giant cock, then at the bench.
"Oooo, I can't stop shaking."

"Don't be nervous," Martha said. "It'll only hurt for a second."

"Yeah," Amy said. "After that, you never want it to end."

Still trembling, Wendy climbed on the bench. She squirmed, her tits rubbing
into the rough wood.

"Do it slow," she panted. She perched her ass up in the air, her legs spread
wide, her cunt ready to be plundered.

"Easy, Lobo," Martha soothed as Lobo snorted and bobbed his head. "Easy."
She stroked his flank and positioned the horny horse over Wendy's trembling
body.

Amy grabbed Lobo's thick cock in her fist. She shivered as it throbbed
against her palm. "Oooo, you're gonna love it, Wendy."

Wendy was quivering. Her hands clutched the bench as she turned her head,
her eyes fixed on her aunt's beautiful pussy.

"Take your time, Lobo," she whimpered. "Don't hurt me!"

Lobo whinnied as Amy rubbed his spongy cockhead through Wendy's virgin slit.
He snorted, his head shaking as his thick mane swished across his neck.

"Wiggle your ass, Wendy," Amy moaned as she eased Lobo's fat cockhead into
her cousin's cunt. "Wiggle."

"Ahhhh!" Wendy gasped. She felt the bloated head of the horse's cock press
against the thin skin of her cherry. "I feel him! Ooooo! I can't believe I'm
gonna get fucked!

Lobo, his cockhead coated with cunt-cream, fucked forward, ripping her
cherry away in one jab. He neighed, his nostrils flaring as the sizzling
heat of her cunt seared his cockshaft and shot down into his cum-crammed
balls.

"Aghhhh!" Wendy shrieked as the horse cut into her cunt. "He's in me! He's
in me!" She thrashed on the bench, her ass jiggling as she squirmed on
Lobo's cock. "Oooo, fuck me, Lobo! Fuck me!"

Lobo whinnied and slammed his cock into Wendy's tight virgin snatch. He
jerked his rump, fucking the last few hard inches into her cunt hole. Hot
muscles clamped around his buried prick as warm frothy cream bathed his
cockshaft.

"Aghhhhh!" Wendy's eyes popped as her cunt filled with prickmeat. "He's so
deep!" She rolled her hips, her cunt adjusting to the fat throbbing piece of
cockmeat. "So fuckin' deep!"

Wendy twisted on the bench as her aunt and cousin watched. She squirmed, her
young body totally impaled on Lobo's giant cock.

Martha stroked the frenzied horse's flank as Wendy's squeals of delight
echoed in her cars. "Give it to her, Lobo. Make her a woman."

On her haunches, Amy watched as Wendy twisted on the bench. She saw fuck
juice ooze from Wendy's cunt, saw the thickness of Lobo's cock as he
stretched her pussy.

"Ooooo, I love watchin'!" Amy gasped. "Fuck her, Lobo. Fuck her!"

Lobo lunged forward, the thickness of his huge prick stretching Wendy's cunt
to the limit. He fucked forward, the hot bubbling cream saturating his
cockmeat and oozing out over his cum-stuffed balls.

"Oooo," Wendy moaned as Lobo fucked her hot buttery cunt. She rolled her
hips, absorbing his quick jabs as her cunt milked his cockshaft. "Ooooo,
it's heaven. I love it."

Lobo swung his head, his mane swishing across his thick neck. He snorted,
his nostrils flared, and his eyes bulged. The steamy heat of Wendy's cunt
was making the muscles under his coat ripple and his prick throb.

"Fuck her," Martha gasped as she rubbed her tits into his powerful frame.
"Fuck her!"

Lobo fucked the screaming child. Hot pussy-cream washed over his prickshaft
and made his cock swell. The oozing fuck juice rumbled the cum crammed in
his balls. Wendy squealed and squirmed on the bench. Her tits crushed
beneath her, she shoved back, piercing her own cunt with his cock. "Ahhhh,
Lobo! Fuck me! Yessss! Nnnn!"

Amy's head was spinning as she watched Wendy take her first cock. "Move your
ass, Wendy. Fuck him. Fuck him!"

"I am!" Wendy squealed as she rotated her hips. "Oooo! He's fuckin' me! He's
goin' deeper!" She writhed wildly as Lobo's cunt-stretching cock fucked
deeper and deeper with each lunge. "Ahhhh, so fuckin' deep!"

Her tits drenched with Lobo's spit, Martha stepped back and crouched down.
She watched closely.

Wendy worked her cunt up and down the length of Lobo's prick. "Ummmm .. I
feel so full." Foamy cunt-cream spilled from her pussy, coating Lobo's
swinging balls and keeping his jabbing cockshaft greased. "Oooo, he's
gettin' bigger. He's stretching me!"

Amy reached under and touched Lobo's lunging prick. His cock was sticky with
cunt juice, and she moaned.

"You're creamin'," Amy sighed, her fingers caressing the puffy folds of her
cousin's cunt. "Milk his dick, Wendy."

Wendy was swirling in bliss. She shoved back, her cunt gulping on his prick
as he fucked into her cunt hole. She held onto the bench, her tits mashed
into the wood as she twisted her shoulders and swooned.

Lobo fucked her deep, his cock cutting cleanly into her bubbling pussy. Each
powerful thrust jammed the whimpering teenager into the wood and pushed her
along the top. He snorted, fucking hard, driving her farther along the
bench. His cock swelled inside her gripping cunt, and his balls ached as
creamy fuck juice spilled from her pussy hole. With Amy and Martha watching,
Wendy struggled to keep from being knocked off the bench. His lunging stabs
were making her head spin. Each jab of his cock brought a gurgling cry from
her drooling mouth.

"Fuck me!" Wendy squealed. She bucked her hips, her body shaking as she
urged him on. "Unn, fuck me." She clawed the bench, her face flat against it
as spit drooled from her panting mouth. "Fuck me, Lobo!"

Lobo's balls rumbled. He fucked her pussy with hard punching jabs that had
Wendy screaming for more. He neighed, drooling as he fucked her pussy with
his throbbing cock.

"Ahhhh! Lobo! Ooooo!" Wendy jerked on the bench, her pussy crammed with
dickmeat. "Ahhhh!"

The bench rocked under Wendy's trembling body as his powerful jabs drove her
toward the end. She hoped she didn't get a splinter in her tit.

She fucked him back, her tits red from the rough wood. She used her cunt
muscles and milked his prick. Her hips jerked and her ass rotated
frantically. "Ooooo, I think I'm gonna cum. Oh, God!"

Hot pussy juice kept Lobo's fucking cock well greased. The muscles in his
rump twitched as his flanks heaved. He whinnied loudly, his balls swelling
to the point of exploding.

"He's gonna cream you!" Amy squealed. "Cream her, Lobo! Cream her!"

"Make him cum, Wendy," Martha rasped as she watched her niece thrash on her
stomach. "Make him cum.." She stroked Lobo's huge balls and shivered, "He's
got a lot of cum for you."

Wendy heard, their words bouncing around in her head. "I'm there!" she
screamed as she twisted on the bench. "I'm there! Oooo, so close!"

"Cum!" Amy screamed. "Cum!"

Thrashing on the bench, Wendy shoved back at the lunging horse, her body
shuddering as they clashed. She held the bench tightly as he fucked his
prick into her.

Lobo pawed the ground, his head bobbing, his nostrils snorting. His balls
rumbled and he whinnied as he drove the screaming teenager to the end of the
bench.

Wendy worked her hips in a quick frenzied arc. Her face was flushed, her
eyes wide and glazed. "Oooo. Harder! Harder!" she drooled as her head
dropped over the end of the bench. "Ahhhhh!"

Amy scrambled around behind Lobo and watched as he fucked his prick into
Wendy's pussy. The sight made her cream. She saw the white filmy fuck juices
squish out from Wendy's cock-stuffed cunt as the enraged horse fucked his
hulking prick into her pussy hole. "Oooo, cream her, Lobo. Drown her in
cum!"

"I'm cumming!" Wendy wailed as she twisted her hips and blindly fucked
herself on Lobo's prick. Her head snapped up as Lobo mashed her clit into
the bench.

Hot pussy-cum gushed from the pulsing walls of Wendy's cunt. The bubbling
cum seared Lobo's cockshaft and spurted out over his balls. He whinnied
shrilly. The hot cum was igniting the jizz churning in his balls.

"Cream me!" Wendy wailed. "Cream me, Lobo!"

Lobo's balls burst. He neighed, his head jerking up as the hot thick cum
shot through his cock and gushed from the tip of his prick. He jabbed,
knocking Wendy half off the bench as he split her climaxing cunt with his
erupting prick.

"He's cumming!" Wendy screamed as her tits flopped. "He's cumming in my
pussy!" Her hands clawed at the ground as the first thick wad splashed deep
in her pussy.

Lobo's cock erupted again inside the pulsating heat of her pussy. Thick wads
of cum squirted from his prick. The hot gooey wads drenched her
already-soaked cunt. He jabbed again, mashing her clit into the bench as she
thrashed wildly beneath him.

Half off the bench, Wendy went insane. She shoved back at his plunging
prick. The hot cum triggered another orgasm in her pussy, and more cum
churned in his erupting balls.

Martha and Amy watched. They were entranced. They saw the cum flow from her
hole. They sighed, each creaming, each shivering as her pussy contracted in
rhythm to Lobo's lunging thrusts.

Lobo stabbed hard, finally knocking the screaming teenager completely off
the bench. Her pussy was still impaled on his cock, and he cut through her
cunt as she crashed to the hay. He snorted, his balls churning out more cum
as spunk gushed out over his swinging ball-sac.

Wendy thrashed maniacally, her ass held high, her face and tits scraping
against the hay-strewn ground. She worked her hips in frantic circles as
another orgasm whipped through her cunt. She clawed the ground, spit
drooling from her mouth as Lobo shoved her through the hay with his mighty
jabs.

His cock trapped in her climaxing cunt, Lobo became an enraged animal. He
jerked forward, his powerful body taking a screaming Wendy with him. Hot
lumps of cum spewed from his prick as he reared up on his hind legs and
kicked at the air.

"Ahhhhh!" Wendy screeched. Violent contortions twisted her naked body as
another orgasm ripped through her cunt. Her eyes bulged with lust as Lobo
shoved her around the barn. "Ooo! I can't stop!"

Lobo dropped back to all fours. He tossed his head high and neighed, then
pounded her, the tip of his squirting prick ripping deep into her cunt hole.
He snorted and drooled, his prick squirting more cum as Wendy shrieked and
twisted beneath him.

Wendy bathed his prick and soaked his balls with her cum. She milked his
cockshaft greedily, his cum squashing from her cunt and flowing down the
crack of her ass. She twisted, her orgasms leaving her limp.

A hard lightning stab knocked Wendy forward. Lobo jabbed again, then jerked
back, his prick finally popping from her fucked-out cunt. Jizz dribbled from
his cock as he backed away.

Wendy lay in the hay, writhing like a snake as cum oozed from her pussy.
"Oooo," she whimpered. "Eat me out, Amy. Eat out his cum."

Amy flung herself at Wendy, fusing her mouth to her cousin's overflowing
pussy. She sucked deep, getting lumps of horse-jizz and pussy-cum in her
mouth. She swallowed greedily, then plunged her tongue inside.

"Ummmmm," Wendy moaned as she shivered with pleasure. "Ummmmm, I love it!"
She quivered as Amy's tongue swirled inside her cunt. "Oooo."

Amy lugged out every drop, then sat up, her face smeared with cum. "Whewww.
You really fucked him good."

Weakly, Wendy rolled over to her back and stared up at them. A drunken smile
spread across her flushed face. "I can't wait till I do it again."

Martha laughed. "I think it's about time I got fucked."

Wendy's eyes lit up. "Yeah. Fuck Apollo."

"Go get him, Amy. My asshole craves a cock.

"Your asshole?" Wendy squealed. "God."

"Mom loves to get fucked in the ass," Amy said as she led a frisky Apollo
from his stall.

Wendy swooned, anxious to see her aunt get her asshole fucked.

With the children watching, Martha took Apollo's cock in the ass. In
minutes, both woman and horse were cumming.

Minutes later, Amy led Apollo back to his stall.

"Wow," Wendy said. "I wish we could get my mother involved."

"I said we were," Martha sighed as she stood. "We'll call her as soon as we
get in the house. You invite her up. Tell her it's important."

Wendy shivered as they all walked out of the barn. "She won't go for it,"
she said sadly.

"It doesn't matter. She's been a prude all her life. But, tomorrow, all that
changes. We'll rape her, then give her to the horses. I'm sure that will
straighten her out. I'm only sorry I didn't plan this years ago."

"I hope you're right," Wendy said as they all walked into the house. "I hope
you're right."



Chapter 7

Grace walked across the yard. She had arrived last night and had been
puzzled by everyone's behavior ever since walking in the door. It was as if
they were sharing a secret. She glanced over her shoulder.

"What's so important in the barn?" she asked as Wendy ran up to her.

"You'll see, Mommy," Wendy giggled.

"I want you to see the horses Amy and I bought a few months ago," Martha
said.

"I didn't have to come rushing up last night," Grace said, "just to see a
horse."

"Oh, Mommy," Wendy sighed. She tugged on her mom's hand. "You're gonna love
'em."

"Yeah, Aunt Grace," Amy laughed as she threw open the barn door.

"Okay," Grace said as they all walked into the barn. "Let me see what I had
to leave the city for in such a hurry."

Martha closed the barn door and locked it. She looked over at Wendy and
nodded.

Wendy was excited and hot. A tinge of fear hovered around the edge of her
excitement, but her desire to get her mother involved in the fun kept her
going. Hoping her aunt would start things, she began to tremble.

"Why is everyone staring at me?" Grace asked. She felt uncomfortable. She
glanced over at the horses and shrugged.

"We thought it was time you learned to relax, Grace," Martha said.

"I am relaxed!" Grace snapped. "What's going on around here?"

Slowly, her heart pounding, Wendy began unbuttoning her shirt. She shivered
and slipped it off, her pulpy tits exposed.

"What are you doing?" her mother gasped. "Put your shirt back on."

"No, Mommy," Wendy said, her voice quaking. "We don't wear clothes when
we're in the barn." She dropped her jeans and kicked them off as her
mother's face filled with shock.

"She's right," Martha said as she pulled off her top and displayed her own
mammoth tits. "It's a rule."

Amy giggled and peeled off her shirt, her plump tits bouncing free.

"Has everyone gone crazy?" Grace's eyes darted from one set of exposed tits
to the other. "We're getting out of here, Wendy." She took a step toward her
daughter. "Put your clothes on. We're going home right now."

"No," Wendy said. She moved away and pulled off her panties. "We're gonna
have a party." She skimmed her hands up her naked body and cupped her tits.

Shock stopped Grace in her tracks. She stared at her naked daughter, then
looked over at her sister and glared. "What have you done to her?"

"Amy and I just showed her how much fun sex can be," Martha said as she
blatantly shook her tits at her sister.

"You're a whore, Martha. You always have been." She looked at Amy, who was
now completely naked. "And you've turned your daughter into a whore."

"Then I'm a whore too, Mommy," Wendy said, "because I love sex."

Grace grabbed her daughter's arm. "Get dressed. We're leaving and never
coming back."

Martha hurried over and grabbed Grace from behind. "Get the rope, Wendy."

As Amy helped her mother drag Grace to the ground, Wendy scurried away,
quickly returning with the rope.

"You're insane. All of you!" Grace screamed as she struggled to get up. "Let
me go."

"Relax," Martha laughed as she fought with her sister. "You're gonna have a
ball."

"Whore!" Grace spat. She glared up at her daughter. "Why are you doing
this?"

Wendy was quaking with fear and excitement. "Don't fight us, Mommy," she
said. Quickly, she bound her mother's wrists.

Grace struggled on the ground as they spread her legs. "When I get you home,
I'm gonna kill you!" she shouted at her daughter.

Martha tied her leg to one pole as Amy tied her other leg to a second pole.
"You'll be thanking us before the day's over," she said. She helped Wendy
fasten her mother's tied wrists to a ring embedded in the ground. She heaved
a sigh.

"You belong to us now."

Grace struggled against the ropes. She twisted, her eyes glaring with anger
as she stared up at them. "You're crazy, Martha and you've made my daughter
crazy!"

Martha finished stripping. "You're the only one who's crazy," Martha said.
"And we're gonna prove it to you. Get the scissors, Amy."

Wendy knelt down beside her mother. "Don't be mad, Mommy."

Martha crouched down and began cutting away Grace's blouse. "I've always
wanted to make it with you, Sis," she said huskily as she cut away Grace's
bra and exposed her jiggling tits.

Grace was horrified. "Wendy! Don't let them do this to me!"

"It's fun, Mommy," she said rubbing her hand over her mother's fleshy tits.
"I've made it with Amy and Aunt Martha. Sex is fabulous."

"Oh ... my God!" Grace twisted her body, trying to free herself as Martha
cut away her jeans and panties, exposing her body completely.

"She's beautiful," Amy said as she leered down at her aunt. "She makes my
mouth water."

"Mine too," Martha cooed as she gently caressed Grace's thighs. "Her pussy
looks delicious."

Wendy's head was spinning. It was the first time she had ever seen her
mother naked. Her mouth dried up as she kneaded her mother's jiggling tittie
meat.

"Stop it, Wendy!" her mother gasped. "Don't do this to me! It's wrong!"

"No it isn't," Wendy sighed. "I'll prove it." She lowered her head and
licked her tongue over her mother's jiggling flesh.

"Noooo!" Grace wailed as she wrenched her shoulders. "Stop it, Wendy!"

"C'mon, Amy. Finger her pussy with me," Martha said. Amy joined her mother
between Grace's legs and began stroking her cunt. "She's dry."

"She won't be for long," Martha said confidently. "We'll have her screaming
for more before we're through." She jabbed a finger into her sister's pussy
and twisted it.

"Noooo!" Grace screamed as Amy and Martha fingered her cunt. "Noooo!" She
thrashed on the ground, her hips jerking, her shoulders twisting. "Stop it!
Stop it!"

"I love licking your tits, Mommy," Wendy purred. She squeezed the fleshy
globes, then sucked a nipple into her mouth. "Mmmm."

"She's gettin' wet," Amy giggled lewdly as she fingered her aunt's cunt.
"She's gettin' hot." She jabbed deep into Grace's cunt, tormenting the
spongy walls of her pussy hole.

Grace realized what was happening too. She bit her bottom lip, fighting the
passion that was beginning to grow deep inside her cunt. "Stop! stop!"

"No, Mommy," Wendy moaned. "I'm gonna eat your pussy until you cum on my
mouth." She licked her lips. "I'll get her juicy with my tongue, Aunt
Martha."

"Okay, honey," Martha said. She popped her finger from Grace's cunt. "She's
all yours.

Amy moved away and joined her mom.

With her pussy free, Grace heaved a sigh. "Stop doing this, Wendy!"

Wendy ignored her mother and feasted on her tits. She sucked hard on the
nipples, making them swell as her mother twisted. She chewed on the nipples
then attacked the creamy white flesh, leaving it blotchy and wet.

"Do you like it, Mommy?" Wendy asked.

"Nooo," Grace gasped weakly. She was breathing hard, desperately fighting
the passion her daughter's mouth had ignited. "Noooo."

Wendy smiled hotly. "You're lying, Mommy. I can tell." She squeezed her
mother's spit-coated tits, making the woman moan. "You love it. Just like I
do."

"Suck her pussy," Amy rasped. "I wanna watch her cum."

"I will," Wendy said, licking her lips.

Wendy brought her mouth back to her mother's flesh and began nipping her way
down the woman's twisting body. She left a trail of drool and passion bites
in her wake.

"I can smell your juices," Wendy said. "I can't wait until I taste them."
She attacked her mom's thighs, chewing roughly as she climbed between
Grace's legs.

"Make her stop, Martha," Grace pleaded. She squirmed. "I'm not like you."

"You will be," Martha said. "I should have done this to you years ago."

Wendy straddled her mother's leg, fusing her own wet pussy to her mom's
flesh. "Feel how juicy I am," she moaned. "Being juicy and hot is great."

Grace twisted her body, her eyes leering at her naked child as she ground
her cunt into her leg. "God, what's happening to you?"

Wendy jammed her cunt into her mother's knee and whimpered.

"Sex is what's happening to me," she gasped. "All kinds of sex." She giggled
and looked at her aunt. "Should we tell her?"

"Not yet, honey," Martha said. "First we gotta show her how much fun sex
is."

"She should know," Amy giggled as she began rubbing her aunt's tits. "She
fucked Wendy's dad."

"Probably only once," Martha laughed. She joined her daughter at Grace's
tits and began kneading the firm milky flesh. "You'd still be married if you
weren't such a fuckin' prude."

"Whore!" Grace spat. "You're all whores!"

"Yeah, and we love it," Amy snickered. "Eat her, Wendy. Go on. Eat your
mother's cunt."

Wendy was no longer worried. Lust ruled her mind now, and she knew that once
her mother realized how much fun sex was, she'd be happy. She soaked her
mother's thigh with cunt cream then crawled between her legs. "Your pussy's
beautiful," she purred.

"Eat her," Martha rasped. "I wanna watch her face when she creams all over
your mouth."

Grace's head was reeling. She twisted her hips. "No, Wendy. I'm your mother.
You can't do this to me."

Wendy wasn't listening. She licked her tongue along the silky flesh of her
mother's inner thighs. When she reached her mom's pussy, she flicked her
tongue through the cunt. The next instant, Wendy plastered her mouth to
Grace's cunt and sucked.

The shock of having her daughter's mouth glued to her cunt sent spasms
racing through Grace's body. "Noooo!" she moaned. She jerked her hips, her
legs straining against the ropes. "Nooo!"

Amy and Martha mauled Grace's flopping tits. Their own pussies were getting
wet and juicy as they watched Wendy gobble on Grace's cunt.

"Enjoy it," Martha rasped. "Don't be a fuckin' prude all your life."

Wendy sucked deep, then slithered her tongue into her mother's slit. She
plunged it deep, teasing at the spongy walls of Grace's pussy. She skimmed
her hands under her mom's ass and began kneading the jiggling ass cheeks.
Wendy moaned as she reamed her mother's pussy with her tongue.

Grace was beginning to surrender to her daughter's sucking mouth. She
thrashed, her arms growing tired as she tried twisting her wrists. Her face
was flushed red and a filmy glaze of passion began to fill her eyes.

"Noooo!" Grace whimpered as the pawing hands made her nipples swell.
"Noooo!"

"Yes," Martha said, sensing that her sister was reacting to them. "Enjoy
it!"

Wendy slurped on her mother's cunt. She sucked the folds of Grace's pussy
into her mouth and began chewing. Her mother's cunt ground against her
mouth. Fuck cream began to flow, and she plunged her tongue inside.

"God! What's happening to me?" Grace squealed as her body began to respond.

"You're gettin' hot," Amy giggled as she mauled her aunt's tit. "You're just
like us."

Grace snapped her head from side to side. The sizzling heat in her pussy
began to spread.

"Ooooo, God!" She arched her back, her tits flopping in their kneading
hands. "Oooo, noooo!"

Wendy felt the warm fuck juices of her mother's cunt as she tongued Grace's
pussy. The spongy cunt muscles began to pulse against her tongue, and she
whimpered softly in her mother's cunt. A deep suck brought creamy pussy
juices into Wendy's mouth and she spasmed. Her mother was gettin' turned on.

"Look at her, Amy," Martha said as she twisted Grace's tit. "She's really
gettin' hot."

"I'm looking, Mom," Amy moaned. "I'm gettin' hot too."

Grace looked up at her tormentors. She leered at their tits, a drunken smile
slowly spreading across her face. Her breathing became shallow and rapid,
and her hips began to swivel erotically as her daughter feasted on her
pussy.

"Unnnn," Grace moaned as she rolled her hips and bathed her daughter's face
in pussy-cream. "Ummmmm."

The fuck cream that washed over and into Wendy's sucking mouth made her
dizzy. She clawed her mother's ass and plunged her tongue into Grace's
pulsing pussy. Immediately, greedy cunt muscles attacked her tongue. She
gurgled and wormed her tongue deep, then sucked hard on the puffy meat of
Grace's pussy.

"Oooo, Christ!" Grace gasped. She ground her cunt into her daughter's face
as she lost control. "Eat me, Wendy! Eat me!"

Martha leaned over her sister, dangling her tits in Grace's face. "Suck 'em,
Grace. I've always wanted you to suck my tits." She pressed one swollen
nipple against her drooling mouth. "Mmmmm."

Greedily, Grace sucked her sister's tit into her mouth. She chewed on the
nipple. Her body was churning as Wendy sucked and chewed on her cunt. Her
head snapped to the side.

"Lemme suck your tit, too, Amy," Grace gasped. "Gimme your tit."

Amy leaned over and fed her aunt one of her ripe plump tits. "Chew it, Aunt
Grace," she gasped. "Oooo, chew it!"

Wendy sucked ravenously on her mother's hot bubbling pussy. She tongued
deeply, then chewed. The taste was exquisite, the scent of cunt heavenly.
She sucked hard, the cunt juices flowing over her tongue and trickling down
her throat as her young pussy went into spasm. While Wendy dined on her cunt
and brought her slowly toward an orgasm, Grace gobbled on their tits,
switching from one jiggling tit to another as they fed her greedy mouth.

Grace twisted against the ropes that bound her. She humped her cunt at her
daughter's face.

"Oooo, bite me, Wendy. Bite my clit!" She twisted her shoulders. "Suck my
tits while I cum. Suck 'em!"

Like two hungry vultures, Amy and Martha stared at Grace's flopping tits. As
if on cue, they swooped down, each gobbling a ripe swollen nipple into her
mouth. They sucked hard, then actually began chewing the hard pointed tips.

"Ahhhh," Grace gasped as they dined on her hot sizzling body. "Oooo!" She
pulled on the ropes, wishing she could crush their mouths against her
sensitive tits. Her hips jerked as she jammed her cunt into Wendy's face.
"Bite, Wendy. Bite Mommy's cunt."

Wendy started to chew harder. She sucked the folds of her mom's cunt into
her mouth, then chewed. She clawed her mother's ass, her nails finding her
crack. Sinking her teeth into the puffy meat of Grace's cunt, Wendy reamed
her shitter with her finger.

"Oooo. I'm there!" Grace shrieked as Wendy ripped a finger into her ass.
"I'm there!" She jerked on her back, her eyes glassy as she stared up at the
roof. "Oooo, bite! Bite my tits. Lick my cunt! Make me cum!"

Her mother's screams were driving Wendy insane. She sucked Grace's clit into
her mouth and whipped her tongue over the tip. She sucked hard, stretching
the pulsing piece of sensitive flesh as her mother banged her cunt into her
face. Her finger twisted inside Grace's tight ass as she scratched the
sensitive walls with her nail.

"Bite!" Grace shrieked. "Bite!"

Wendy bit, her teeth sinking into the pulsing piece of flesh. That was all
Grace needed.

"I'm cumming!" Grace screamed as an orgasm tore through her cunt like a bolt
of lightning. "I'm cumming!" She thrashed on her back, her asshole milking
Wendy's fingers, as hot buttery pussy-cum gushed from her pussy. "Ahhhhh ...
I'm cumming!"

Wendy, her face plastered against her mother's cunt, gnawed on the clit. Hot
pussy-cum washed over Wendy's face and into her mouth as her mother battered
her face with her cunt. Wendy chewed, her head snapping from side to side as
she gulped the creamy pussy-cum down her throat.

"Mmmmm," Wendy moaned, the sound almost lost in her mother's pussy. "Mmmmm."

Grace went berserk. She writhed like a snake, her ass humping, her cunt
mashed against Wendy's face. She shook her shoulders, her tits jiggling as
Amy and Martha chomped on her creamy flesh and swollen nipples.

"Chew me up!" Grace screeched. She arched her back, her legs and arms
straining against the ropes. "I'm cumming again! Ahhhhh!"

More cum gushed from Grace's climaxing pussy as Wendy nipped and sucked.
Fuck juice flowed over Wendy's face, into her mouth and the crack of her
mother's humping ass. Wendy chewed viciously, her mother's screams echoing
in her skull. She twisted her finger deep in her mother's ass, and Grace
screeched. Wendy sucked hard, chewed even harder, then beat her tongue
across the pulsing clit like a whip, taking her mother into another intense
orgasm.

Amy brutalized one tit. Martha destroyed the other one. They sucked and bit,
leaving Grace's flesh a mass of blotchy passion bites and teeth marks.

Grace bucked her hips. Her entire body was shaking out of control. Her head
snapped from side to side as spittle drooled from her screaming mouth.

Wendy twisted her finger and jabbed another one into Grace's ass. She raked
the sensitive walls of Grace's asshole and at the same time, gnawed and
sucked on her clit. Wendy was drowning in pussy-cum and she loved it.

Grace went into contortions. She writhed and jerked, her body being gobbled
alive. Her neck strained as her eyes rolled into her skull.

The next instant, she collapsed back on the ground, a whimpering heap of
spent flesh.

"No more," Grace begged. "No more!"

Amy and Martha pulled their mouths off her tits. Their faces were decorated
with triumphant smiles as they caught their breaths.

Wendy took one last suck, then lifted her head. Her face was covered with
pussy-cum. She pulled her fingers from her mother's asshole and shivered.
"Did you like it, Mommy?" she asked.

"Yesssss," Grace moaned, as she tried to catch her breath. "I loved it.."

"I told you," Martha said. "Now you can take care of us."

"Oh, yes," Grace moaned. "I want it all now. Everything."

"That's just what you're gonna get," Amy giggled as she glanced over at the
horses. "Everything."

"Me first!" Wendy squealed as she scrambled out from between her mother's
legs.

"Bring me your pussy, baby," Grace moaned. "I'll suck you dry." She squirmed
on her back, her mouth watering for her daughter's snatch.

Wendy scrambled over her mother and straddled her head. "Look at my pussy,
Mommy. It's not virgin anymore."

Grace stared up at her daughter's cunt and swooned. "Oh, God! Untie me so I
can hold her.

Martha quickly untied the ropes that bound Grace's wrists. "Can't untie your
legs yet," she said. "You might change your mind about a few things."

With her arms free, Grace grabbed her daughter's ass. "I won't change my
mind about anything," she gasped. She pulled on her daughter's ass and
mashed Wendy's cunt against her mouth.

Wendy creamed instantly on her mother's face. She rolled off and Amy quickly
took her place, creaming almost at once.

"Now me," Martha moaned as she climbed over her sister's cum-drenched face.
"Ahhhh!"

The two children watched as Martha thrashed wildly on Grace's face.

The barn became filled with screams as Martha creamed, then toppled off.

"This is wild," Grace panted as she sat up. Her tits were heaving as she
tried sucking air into her lungs. She glanced at her daughter. "How did you
lose your cherry?"

"You mad?" Wendy asked.

"Hell no," Grace sighed. "I'm through with being a fool. I want us both to
enjoy as much sex as possible."

"I'm glad to hear you say that," Martha said. "We have a few more surprises
in store for you."

"Like what?"

Everybody laughed.



Chapter 8

While everyone watched, Wendy stood. Swinging her ass, she walked over to
Lobo's stall. "C'mon, Lobo. I want you to meet my mother."

Grace didn't know why, but she was tingling with excitement as her daughter
led Lobo over. "He is a beautiful animal," she said.

"He's more than beautiful, Mommy. He's the one who broke my cherry."

Grace's mouth dropped. "You ... telling the truth?"

"She is," Martha said. "I was here."

Wendy offered Lobo her own plump tits. "Give 'em a suck, Lobo."

Overwhelmed by what she had just learned and what she was now witnessing,
Grace gasped. "My God!" She swooned, her eyes glued to Lobo's mouth as he
chomped noisily on her daughter's tits.

"Mmmm," Wendy purred as the horse began nibbling on her swollen nipples.
"You wanna try it, Mommy? He licks pussy too."

"Yessss," Grace sighed. "He can do whatever he wants to me. I've been such a
fool." With her legs still bound and spread, Grace sprawled out on her back.
"Bring him to me."

"Get the bench, Amy," Martha said. As her daughter dragged the bench over,
she untied Grace's legs.

Grace was trembling as she climbed up on the bench. Feet flat, legs spread,
she looked at the horse. "C'mon, Lobo. Lick my tits." She jerked her
shoulders, making her fleshy tits jiggle.

"C'mon, Lobo. Lick my Mommy's tits." Reluctantly, Wendy stepped back and
tugged on his mane.

Lobo snorted and dropped his head, his mouth soaking the creamy flesh of
Grace's tits. He nibbled on the tips, then sloshed his tongue over the
jiggling flesh as Grace whimpered happily.

"Oooo, it's wonderful," Grace gasped. "Oooo." She hefted her tits. "Bite
'em, Lobo. Unnnn ... yeah."

Wendy watched, getting hot all over again as Lobo dined on her mother's
tits. "Let him eat your pussy, Mommy."

"Yeah," Martha said. "He loves cunt."

Grace jerked her hips, her ass slapping against the bench. "Eat my pussy,
Lobo," she moaned. "Eat my cunt." She rolled her hips and pushed at his
mouth. "C'mon, eat me."

Lobo tossed his head, then worked his way down her writhing body. He nipped
at her flesh, then dropped his head between her legs. He slurped his tongue
through her cunt as warm buttery pussy-cream greeted him.

Grace gasped and went wild. She humped up, slamming her cunt into his mouth.
"Ooooo!" she gasped. "Eat me! Oooo, like that!"

Lobo plunged his tongue between the puffy folds of Grace's cunt, the tip
snaking deep as cunt muscles pulsed and pussy cream flowed. He snorted as
cream clogged his nostrils. His head jerked up and he snagged her clit with
his square teeth.

"Ahhh!" Grace gasped. She lunged up, her clit caught in Lobo's mouth. "Unnn,
he's got my clit. Oooo!" She went crazy. Her feet came off the ground and
she clamped her thighs to his head. "Unnn. Chew it! Bite it!"

Lobo chewed and beat her clit with his tongue. Caught between his teeth, he
shook his head, pulling on Grace's clit as her screams and juicy pussy
aroused him.

"Get her off," Wendy gasped as she watched her mother hump her pussy at
Lobo's face. "Make her cum."

His cock thickened as he chomped on Grace's cunt. His balls swelled with cum
and a drop oozed from his pisser. He pawed the ground, his tail swishing as
he slurped on her juicy twat and gnawed on her clit.

Grace went off like a firecracker. "I'm cumming!" she wailed. "I'm cumming.
Ooo, God!" She thrashed on the bench, her feet dropping to the ground as she
lunged up against his gnawing teeth. "I'm cumming!"

Grace's screams made Lobo's ears flicker. The muscles under his chestnut
coat rippled with power as he chomped on her exploding cunt. Pussy-cum
gushed into his nostrils and he jerked his head, knocking Grace's contorting
body back and forth.

"Cream!" Wendy squealed. "Ooooo, Mommy! Cream!"

"I am!" Grace squawked as her head snapped back and forth. She almost
toppled off the bench. "Ahhhh! I'm cumming!" She humped his muzzle, banging
her clit into his teeth as another orgasm whipped through her pussy. "Oooo,
chew me up, Lobo!"

Lobo feasted noisily on her climaxing cunt. He nipped her clit and chewed
the puffy meat. He whipped her pussy with his tongue as his thick fail
slapped at his twitching rump. Snorting, he jammed his snout into her cunt,
getting a noseful of pussy-cum.

With her ass thumping on the bench, Grace whacked her cunt into his mouth.
Her clit pulsed as he snipped it. Hot cum gushed from her cunt as he slapped
with his tongue. The inside of her pussy contracted greedily for a prick to
fuck.

"Ooooo, I'm still cumming!" One climax after another bombarded Grace as she
lunged at his mouth. Her tits flopped and her mouth drooled. "Ooooo!" She
shuddered, her body convulsing as the last of her orgasms ravaged her cunt.
"Ahhhh!"

As she slammed her cunt at his mouth, Lobo jerked his head up, almost
tearing her clit from her body. Pussy-cum covered his snout and dripped from
his lips. He neighed, his prick aching.

Grace was out of her skull. She had gone unfucked for so long that she
couldn't control herself now. She twitched on the bench, looking at her
daughter. "Lemme suck his cock, baby. Gimme his cock."

"Yes, Mommy!" Wendy squealed. "C'mon, Lobo. She wants to suck you off."

Lobo whinnied and reared up, his prick exposed, his balls swinging.

"Oh, God," Grace gasped as she saw his prick. "I want it! I want it!"

Martha smiled smugly and nudged Amy. "I guess Grace is a whore just like
us."

Amy giggled. "Yeah. I can't wait to watch her fuck Apollo."

Grace moaned, "I'm a whore and I wanna suck his cock." She twisted on the
bench, her tits flopping as Wendy positioned an agitated Lobo over her.

"Suck his balls out, Mommy," Wendy sighed. "His cum is delicious."

Grace stared hungrily at Lobo's stiff prick. The sight made her dizzy. "Oh,
God." She rubbed his prick over her fleshy tits, the seeping cum staining
her nipples. "Ooooo, his prick feels so hot."

"Eat him, Mommy," Wendy moaned as she crouched down to watch. "Suck him."

Martha and Amy dropped to their knees, their eyes bright as they watched
Grace fondle Lobo's prick.

With Lobo whinnying and twitching, Grace stroked his long fat prick. Her
mouth watered and she moaned as the anxious horse jabbed his cockhead
against her lips. The contact was electrifying.

"Suck him, Mommy," Wendy urged.

Grace slapped her tongue over his cockhead then twisted her head and began
nibbling on his prickshaft. She shivered, her hands mauling his huge balls
and the base of his prick. The contact sent tremors of bliss through her
overheated cunt.

"C'mon, Grace," Martha said impatiently. "Let's see what you can do."

Grace opened her mouth and sucked the spongy head of his prick between her
lips. She sucked his seeping jizz. She hummed as his prick throbbed against
her lips.

Lobo snorted and jerked. His cockhead brushed along the roof of her mouth as
his balls brushed against her tits. He jerked again, eager to fuck his prick
into her throat.

"Oooo, Mommy," Wendy sighed. She licked her lips. "Take it all. Suck it."
She twitched, her pussy on fire as she watched her mother inch Lobo's hard
cock into her mouth. "Ooooo, Mommy."

Grace was out of her mind. The taste of the horse's cock was even better
than pussy. She opened her mouth wide as Lobo jabbed. His cock flattened her
tongue and she gulped as his bloated prickhead reached the entrance to her
throat. A deep suck had her shaking as she mauled the base of his cockshaft
and his cum-crammed balls.

Lobo neighed and flipped his head. His cock ached and he jammed hard,
piercing Grace's throat. The heat from her mouth agitated him and he jabbed
again, his rump twitching as he fed her hungry mouth his cock.

Grace gagged, but quickly overcame the urge. She sucked hard and used her
teeth and tongue. Gnawing on his cockshaft, she whipped with her tongue. She
squirmed on the bench, taking his prick deeper into her gullet.

Lobo responded to the wet heat of Grace's mouth. He fucked forward, spearing
her throat. His balls dragged along her tittie flesh. His head shook, his
mane swishing across his neck as her nibbling teeth and lashing tongue
rumbled the cum stuffed in his balls.

"Look, Aunt Martha!" Wendy squealed. "Mommy loves it."

"I knew she would, once she relaxed." Martha smoothed her hand over her
sister's flesh, then fingered Grace's cunt. "She's sopping wet. It's a shame
Apollo can't fuck her while she sucks Lobo off."

"That would be fantastic," Amy moaned as she watched Aunt Grace gobble up
Lobo's cock.

Grace heard them talking about her. Their words added to her pleasure as she
sucked deeply on Lobo's throat-stretching prick. She squirmed, inching his
prick deeper into her throat as spasms racked her pussy. She gulped on his
prick, her ass humping as her sister fingered her sizzling cunt.

Lobo jerked hard, fucking his prick to the hilt as she pulled away her
hands. His balls slapped against Grace's chin, and his prick filled her
mouth and gullet. He neighed, his rump jerking as he fucked Grace's greedy
mouth.

"She's got it all!" Wendy squealed. "Suck out his balls, Mommy!"

Grace gulped and gagged, his prick stretching her throat. She sucked hard
and used her teeth as his throbbing cockshaft made her shiver with pleasure.

"Unhhh," Grace gurgled as he slammed her mouth. "Unhh."

Meeting Lobo's jabs, Grace hefted his balls. A spasm ripped through her cunt
as she imagined Lobo's cock squirting cum into her mouth. She swallowed
hard, jerking her head back and forth as she met Lobo's quick punching jabs.

Lobo's balls rumbled as Grace massaged them. His prick throbbed as she
sucked and chewed. His eyes bulged and his rubbery lips quivered and drooled
as he fucked her hot sucking mouth with his ready-to-explode prick.

"Cum," Wendy mumbled. Her eyes were bright with desire. "Cream Mommy's
mouth." She moaned, her own pussy twitching for a prick.

Grace jerked her head, her lips gliding along his cockshaft. She whipped her
tongue over his pisser as he jerked back, then chewed as he fucked forward.

"Cream, Lobo." Martha shrieked. "Give her a taste." She twisted her fingers
in Grace's pussy and scratched at the walls.

Lobo, neighing and snorting, lunged forward. He brutally fucked his prick
into her throat, his balls brushing over her tits and banging against her
chin. He flipped his head and jerked his rump, the horny sluts screamed for
him to cum.

Grace gagged as he fucked her throat. She used her teeth and tongue, beating
and chewing his prick as he fucked in and out of her mouth. Her body twisted
on the bench, her hips rolling as she milked her sister's fingers with
greedy cunt muscles. A deep suck made his prick swell, and she knew it
wouldn't be long before he was drowning her with hot jizz.

"He's gonna cum!" Wendy squealed as she watched Lobo fuck her mother's face.
"Cum, Lobo. Cream her!" She swayed, her eyes wide. "Cream her mouth!"

Grace felt his cock throb faster against her lips and tongue. She squeezed
his balls, anxious to taste his jizz. She sucked, drawing in her cheeks,
then gurgled as he speared her gullet.

Lobo's balls erupted. A thick stream of jizz spurted from his pisser and
splattered the back of Grace's mouth. He jerked his rump, his hooves pawing
at the ground as another stream of thick gooey cum shot from his prickhead.

Grace welcomed the lumpy jizz as it squirted into her mouth and throat. She
gulped greedily, her mouth flying up and down his cockshaft as more jizz
squirted from his prick. She gurgled as cum filled her mouth and began
oozing from her clinging lips.

"He's cumming!" Wendy squealed. "Suck him, Mommy. Ooooo, he's creamin'!"

"Drain his balls," Martha rasped. "Suck out every fuckin' drop."

Grace's mouth flew up and down Lobo's spewing prick. She sucked on his prick
and milked his churning balls. Cum gushed into her mouth and sprayed her
throat. She gulped, her head bobbing as more thick jizz filled her cheeks
and oozed down her gullet.

Lobo lunged and whinnied. He drove his prick into her chewing mouth,
spurting out thick lumps of cum. He kicked at the ground, his head tossing
high as his big eyes rolled. One jab buried his prick deep in her gullet,
and a stringy wad spurted out. He neighed, his rump twitching as his tail
slashed back and forth.

"Suck him! Suck him!" Wendy wailed as she watched the horse's cum ooze from
her mother's clinging lips. "Suck him!" She was trembling, her pussy flowing
as Lobo plowed her mother's throat. "Cream her, Lobo. Cream her!"

"Don't waste it!" Amy squealed as she grabbed at her mother's tits. "Drink
it!"

Cum flooded Grace's sucking mouth. Jizz squirted into her throat and filled
her cheeks. Thick lumps of cum flowed over her tongue and began oozing from
her nose as she gagged on the horse's prick.

Grace gulped, not wanting to lose a drop. She let the spunk spurt into her
gullet as she slammed her mouth at his cock. She mauled his balls, then
dropped her hand as he skewered her throat with a hard punching jab.

The muscles under Lobo's coat rippled with power. His flanks heaved as his
nostrils flared. He jabbed, shoving her along the bench as each thrust sent
a glob of jizz into her throat.

Grace kept her lips tight. She sucked, his balls slamming against her chin
each time he drilled her throat. She gnawed on his cockshaft, her tongue
whipping violently back and forth. Her body twisted, her ass humping while
Martha continued to finger-fuck her hot bubbling pussy. Overwhelmed, Grace
went into spasms and choked as cum spilled from her cock-stuffed mouth.

Lobo neighed and lunged hard. His balls were just about empty as he spewed a
steady stream of jizz directly into her tight throat. A shrill whinny came
from the horse and he jerked back, his cock popping from her greedy mouth.
The last of his jizz sprayed her flushed face as he backed away and snorted.

"Ooooo, Christ," Grace gasped as she swallowed the cum in her mouth. "Oooo,
it was heaven." She humped her sister's fingers. "I wanna get fucked. I
wanna get fucked!"

"Go get Apollo, Amy," Martha said as she yanked her fingers from her
sister's pussy. "He'll satisfy her."

"Oooo, Mommy," Wendy moaned. As Amy scrambled to her feet, Wendy plastered
her mouth to her mother's mouth and sucked her tongue.

Quickly, Amy returned with the high-spirited black stallion. "He's just
about ready," she gasped.

Wendy pulled her mouth away from her mother's. "I'll get him hard," she
gasped. She crawled between Apolloy gasped as she watched Martha kpter on
his prick.

"You enjoying yourself?" Martha asked as she caressed her sister's heaving
tits.

"Yesss," Grace gasped. "For the first time in my life." She twisted her
head. "Hurry, Wendy. My cunt's on fire."

Wendy yanked her mouth off Apollo's cock. "He's ready," she panted. She led
the frisky black stallion over to her mother. "I'll help put it in, Mommy."

"Do it quick, Wendy. I need it so fucking bad." Grace kept her feet flat on
the ground as she squirmed her ass on the bench.

As her mother stroked Apollo's flanks and stomach, Wendy dragged his cock
through her pussy. Hot cream gushed out over the fat head of Apollo's prick
as he whinnied.

"Stick it in!" Grace cried. "God!" She humped wildly, her cunt pulsing as
Wendy tormented her pussy with Apollo's prickhead.

Apollo jerked forward, jabbing the fat head of his cock into Grace's cunt.
He neighed as Grace's hot spongy cunt muscles clamped around his dick.
Jabbing again, he speared her pussy, his cock sinking deep into the bubbling
vat of her hot overheated cunt.

"He's in me!" Grace shrieked. "He's in my pussy! Ooooo!" She thrashed on her
back, her tits flopping as she clawed the horse's flanks. "Fuck me! Fuck
me!"

Apollo lunged forward again. His throbbing boner stretched her cunt as he
buried his cock to his balls. He snorted and shoved, his balls brushing
against her flesh as she squealed with joy.

"Ooooo, Mommy," Wendy gasped as she watched. "Ooooo!" She rocked on her
haunches, her head spinning.. "Fuck him good, Mommy. Show him who's boss."

"I am!" Grace wailed as she humped her ass up from the bench. She raked his
flanks with her nails. "Ooooo, he's so deep! I love it! I can feel him
throbbing inside me."

Apollo snorted, his head swinging up as his mane swished across his powerful
neck. The heat from Grace's tight pulsing cunt enraged him and he fucked
hard, his cock slicing deep into her gulping cunt. He neighed, his lips
rumbling as the sizzling cream of her pussy bathed his prickshaft and
churned the cum in his balls.

With her tits flopping and her ass jerking Grace thrashed wildly on the
bench, her turned-on body impaled on Apollo's giant cock.

"Ooooo, Wendy! I love it!" She snapped her head and leered drunkenly at Amy
and Martha. "I love it! Oooo!"

With Apollo whinnying and jabbing at her mother's pussy, Wendy watched. She
shivered with excitement and moaned. "Fuck her, Apollo. Rip her apart!"

"He is!" Grace squealed with joy. "He is!"

Like an expert, Grace worked her bubbling pussy up and down the length of
Apollo's stabbing prick. Cream kept his cockshaft greased. Cum oozed out
over his swinging balls each time their bodies clashed.

Apollo fucked her deep. Each jab made Grace shudder with bliss. He snorted
and slammed hard, knocking her twisting body a few inches along the bench as
she screamed for more. He pounded her, his muscles rippling, his chest
heaving. He cut through her gooey pussy, his prick swelling inside her
pulsing cunthole.

Grace thrashed on her back, her hips jerking and her ass thumping against
the bench. "Fuck me!" Grace screamed as she struggled to keep from failing
off the bench. "Fuck me!"

She churned her hips and lunged up, spearing her cunt with his jabbing prick
as she rammed her clit into his powerful body. She felt each stab of his
cock and each slap of his balls.

Apollo slammed into her, his mouth drooling as he shoved her twisting body
along the bench. He fucked her cunthole, the squishy fuck juices splattering
over his rumbling balls as they collided.

"Oooo!" Her legs came up and she kicked her heels at his rump. "More!" She
was hysterical, her body totally absorbed in what was happening to her. She
clawed his flanks, her back arching as he made her grunt from his powerful
lunges. "Unnnn. Unnnn!"

Apollo went mad, foaming at the mouth. His balls rumbled. His prick
thickened inside her steamy pussy. He fucked her with fast pumping thrusts.
His rump jerked as he picked up speed and power. A shrill whinny came from
his mouth as he tossed his head high. The next jab slammed a screaming Grace
to the end of the bench.

Grace wailed hysterically as she crammed her cunt with the horse's cock. The
bench rocked under her thrashing body as Apollo gave her the best fuck of
her life.

She lunged up, meeting a hard thrust as he knocked her to the end of the
bench. "Oooo! It's fabulous!" She gripped him with her legs, humping and
twisting as she dragged her nails down his heaving flanks.

"Cum, Mommy. Cum," Wendy moaned. "Cream his prick!"

Amy and Martha took up the chant. "Cum," they moaned. "Cum."

Apollo pounded Grace's pussy as she clung to his powerful body. His tail
swished, slapping at his jerking rump. His head shook from side to side, his
mane lashing across his neck.

Holding tight to the enraged horse, Grace accepted his demanding thrusts,
absorbing them and slamming back just as violently. She jerked her hips, her
ass still thudding on the bench.

"Oooo, I'm there, Wendy! I'm gonna cum!" Grace screamed.

Apollo neighed and skewered her cunt, taking Grace into her orgasm.

"I'm cumming!" she screamed. "I'm cumming!" She thrashed like a wildcat, her
legs tightly gripping his jerking rump. She humped up, her exploding cunt
bathing Apollo's jabbing dick in a sea of sizzling pussy-cum. "I'm cumming!
Ooooo!"

Apollo lashed at her climaxing pussy. He knocked Grace completely off the
bench as his balls erupted. Wads of thick gooey cum squirted from his prick
and flooded Grace's pussy. He jabbed again, taking Grace with him as she
clung desperately to his powerful frame.

"He's cumming!" Grace shrieked as everyone watched. "He's cumming!" She
ground her clit into his body and thrashed her hips. The action, coupled
with the hot jizz spurting into her pussy, took her into another orgasm.
"Ahhhh ... I'm cumming again!"

Wendy watched the black stallion ravage her mother's pussy. She began to
shake as an idea began forming in her lust-sopped brain. "Cream, Mommy!
Cream!"

Grace clutched the horse with her arms. She twisted her hips, her legs fused
to his rump as he drilled her pussy. Gurgling screams of pleasure came from
her panting mouth as her head hung back and her face twisted in agonizing
bliss.

Apollo shook his head and lunged, his front hooves pawing at the ground. His
spewing prick flooded her climaxing cunt and cum gushed out over his balls
as he filled her pussy. His eyes glowed, and his mouth was frothy with spit.

"He's squirtin' it in my belly!" she cried as the cum squished out and
flowed down the crack of her jiggling ass. She clung to him, her arms
weakening, her body in constant spasm. "Ooooo!"

Again and again, Apollo fucked his prick into Grace's pussy. His balls
churned out more cum as he reared up on his hind legs, taking Grace with
him. He kicked at the air, his shrill neighs filling the barn.

Grace screeched. Her arms slipped from his heaving flanks. She crashed to
the ground, her pussy still impaled on Apollo's cock.

"Ahhhh!" she screamed as he dragged her across the hay-strewn floor.
"Aghhhh!"

Apollo dropped to all fours. He swayed his rump, carrying Grace with him as
if she were a feather. He jabbed hard, the last of his cum spurting from his
prick.

Grace went insane. She humped, then went into spasms as her legs melted from
his twisting rump.

As Apollo jerked back, his cock popped from her pussy and her ass thudded to
the ground.

"Ooooo," she gasped as she writhed on the ground. "Oooo ... whatta fuck!"

Greedily, Wendy threw herself at her mother as Martha led an exhausted
Apollo away. Wendy fused her mouth to her cunt and sucked, drawing out thick
lumps of Apollo's cum.

"Yessss," Grace hissed as her daughter cleaned her snatch. "Oooo." She
writhed in the hay. Her body glistened with sweat and her tits heaved as she
tried catching her breath. "Oooo, Wendy."

Wendy gobbled up every drop of Apollo's cum, then lifted her head. "I want
to fuck now!" she exclaimed.

Grace struggled up and looked at her daughter. "Yes. I wanna watch you get
fucked."

"I want it in the ass," Wendy said. "Right in my virgin asshole."



Chapter 9

Wendy giggled. "You did it, Aunt Martha."

"So did I," Amy said proudly. She looked at Grace. "Have you ever been
fucked in the ass?"

Grace shivered, her asshole twitching. "No, but I intend to have my shitter
fucked before I leave the barn."

"Not before me," Wendy said. She hurried over to Lobo. "C'mon, Lobo. I need
my asshole reamed." She led him back to the group then dropped to her knees.
"You can watch, Mommy."

"Lemme get him hard, Wendy," Grace sighed. "I just can't seem to get enough
cock."

"No," Wendy said. "I'm gonna do it." She crawled under Lobo and began
licking his balls. She purred as she slapped her tongue over his huge balls.

Grace tingled as she watched her daughter lick Lobo's balls. "Suck his cock,
baby," she moaned.

As Lobo whinnied and swished his tail, Wendy slithered her tongue over his
sheath to his cockhead. She swirled her tongue around his pisser as she
gripped his sheath. Having her mother watch was a turn-on, and she was
anxious to show her how good she could suck cock.

"I always knew you were really a hot bitch," Martha said as she cuddled next
to Grace. She massaged her tits as Amy joined them.

"It took me a hell of a long time to find out," Grace panted, her eyes fixed
on her daughter's mouth and Lobo's cock. She sighed and shivered with
pleasure as both Amy and Martha began playing with her tits. "Aaaaah. This
is fabulous."

Wendy glanced over at her mother and smiled. "Keep her hot," she cooed.

"Don't worry about us," Martha said. "Just get Lobo's prick hard."

Wendy turned her attention back to Lobo. She shifted her hands up and down
his sheath as his prick began to grow. She sucked the head of his prick into
her mouth as her mother moaned and Lobo whinnied.

Lobo shook his head as the cum in his balls began to churn. He jerked his
rump, driving his cockhead along the roof of Wendy's wet sucking mouth.

Wendy gobbled hungrily on his prick. She used her tongue and teeth, coaxing
his prick from his thick-skinned sheath. She sucked as his cock entered her
throat.

Grace was hypnotized by her daughter's actions. She moaned and pressed her
tits into their pawing hands. "Can you take it all, baby?"

Wendy gurgled and moved her hands away. She bobbed her head, inching more of
his cock into her throat. She sucked, feeling him swell in her mouth. She
pushed her head forward, her teeth scraping along his cockshaft as he
clogged her gullet with his cock. Lobo neighed and tossed his head in the
air. He jerked forward, driving his prick balls- deep into Wendy's greedy
mouth. With his rump twitching, he pounded her face, his cock thickening
into a hard piece of rigid steel.

"Oooo, God," Grace gasped as she watched her daughter take every inch of
Lobo's prick.

"She's good," Martha said. "A real fast learner." She took Grace's hand and
shoved it between her legs. "Finger me."

"Me too," Amy sighed, grabbing Grace's other hand.

Grace fingered them both as they pawed her tits. She was out of her skull.
Seeing her young daughter suck Lobo's cock had her dizzy with lust.

"He's ready," Grace gasped as Lobo drilled his prick into Wendy's face.
"Take him in the ass."

Wendy wasn't finished sucking. She slammed her head forward and gulped his
cock into her throat. His balls hit her chin, and she hefted them. They were
heavy with cum, and hot shivers raced up and down her spine.

"C'mon," Martha moaned as she humped Grace's fingers. "We're waitin',
Wendy."

"Maybe she's chicken," Amy teased as she ground her cunt down on Grace's
fingers.

Slowly, Wendy eased her mouth off Lobo's now-throbbing prick. She looked
over at her mother.

"I'm ready," she gasped. "Ready to have my asshole raped."

Angry about losing Wendy's hot sucking mouth, Lobo whinnied and reared up.
He dropped back, his cock swaying like a piece of thick lumber.

Wendy sprawled out on the bench, her ass propped high as she offered her
asshole to the horny Lobo. "Come and get it," she whimpered. "I'm all
yours."

Lobo dropped his head and sniffed at her crotch. His tongue lashed out and
slapped up through her wet cunt and through the crack of her ass. The scent
of her pussy made him whinny as he dined noisily between her legs.

Wendy looked dreamily over at her mother. "Oooo, he's gettin' me all wet for
his cock," she moaned. "Oooo."

As Grace fingered Amy and Martha, she kept her eyes glued to Lobo's giant
prick. "He's too big for your ass," she gasped.

"No he isn't," Wendy panted as Lobo soaked her ass with his warm spit. "I
can take it." She shoved back at the anxious horse, grinding her ass into
his muzzle. "Tongue me. Get my asshole wet."

As if he understood, Lobo plunged his tongue into Wendy's narrow shitter. He
reamed deep, his rubbery tongue exploring her tight crack.

Wendy twisted on the bench. The horse's snakelike tongue was driving her
wild, and she couldn't wait until her ass was stuffed with his prick. "Unnn,
keep tonguing me. Ooo yessss."

Pussy juice flowed over Lobo's chin as he reamed Wendy's asshole with his
thick rubbery tongue. He pushed his mouth between her jiggling asscheeks and
snorted. His cock was throbbing painfully, and he jerked his head up and
whinnied.

"He wants your asshole," Martha said.

"I'll do it," Grace gasped. She pulled her fingers from their gooey cunts
and crawled over to her daughter. "I'll stick it in you, baby."

"Yessss, Mommy," Wendy whimpered. She rotated her ass. "My cunt's all wet
now."

With Lobo pawing the ground impatiently, Grace grabbed his hulking cock. The
touch sent a hot jolt up her arm, and she swooned.

Lobo fucked his cock through Grace's hand, the spongy prickhead banging
against the cheeks of Wendy's ass. He fucked forward, his cock throbbing for
a hole.

Grace glided Lobo's fat throbbing prick to Wendy's pussy. She shuddered, her
eyes widening as Lobo lunged hard.

"Ahhhh!" Wendy gasped as Lobo plunged his cock into her snatch. "He's in my
pussy! Get him in my ass!"

"I'm just gettin' him all creamy," Grace moaned as she gripped the base of
Lobo's jabbing prick.

Lobo snorted and slammed hard, his cock ripping into Wendy's sizzling pussy.
His tail swished and his rump twitched as hot greedy cunt muscles began
pulsing along his cockshaft.

"My ass, Mommy!" Wendy shrieked as she jerked frantically on the bench. "Get
him in my ass!"

As Lobo fucked his cock in and out of Wendy's hot gripping cunt, Grace
grabbed him. She yanked his prick from her daughter's pussy and aimed his
cock at the tight crack of Wendy's asshole. "Here he comes, Wendy."

Lobo, frustrated about having his cock ripped from Wendy's tight wet pussy,
neighed. He lunged forward, the juice-coated head of his cock splitting her
asscrack. He snorted and bobbed his head as the tight ringed muscle of her
ass clamped around his cock like a vise.

"Ayieeee!" Wendy squealed as Lobo fucked another few inches of his fat prick
into her ass. "Ayieeee!" She thrashed, her eyes bulging as her head snapped
up. "He's in me! Oooo, God!"

"Not all the way yet," Grace moaned as she watched Lobo split Wendy's ass.
"He's got a long way to go!" She stroked the base of his cockshaft while Amy
and her mother crawled closer to watch. "He's gonna reach your fuckin'
belly, baby."

Like a stuck pig, Wendy thrashed on the bench. She twisted her hips and
screamed as Lobo drove the last few inches into her tight asshole. "Ayieeee.
He's so deep! Aghhhh!"

Lobo jabbed hard, his balls whacking against her trembling body as he
ravaged her asshole. He was shoving her writhing body along the bench as his
cock fucked deep. Wendy screamed. Her head snapped up as spittle drooled
from her panting mouth.

"It hurts, Mommy," Wendy whimpered. "Oooo, it hurts, but I love it! I can
feel him throbbin' up in my belly."

Grabbing the sides of the bench, Wendy slammed back, absorbing Lobo's
powerful thrusts as her asshole adjusted to being stretched. She twisted her
hips.

Lobo fucked her ass with hard lunging stabs. His rump twisted, and his
buried cock took Wendy with him as he snorted and lashed at her asshole.

Wendy almost toppled from the bench. "Oooo, Mommy!" The bench rocked as she
held on. "Oooo, fuck me, Lobo! Fuck me!"

Lobo speared her ass.

Wendy shoved back, her tight shitter gripping his throbbing hard-on. Lobo
whinnied and Wendy screamed.

Twisting on the bench, Wendy shrieked as the chestnut horse fucked his cock
deeper into her ass. She squirmed. Her tits were red, the swollen nipples
raw as they rubbed against the rough wood. "Oooo, Lobo. Cream me! Squirt
your cum in my ass!"

"Yessss, Lobo," Grace moaned as she milked the horse's swinging balls.
"Cream her ass."

Lobo neighed, his ass jerking. He snapped his head around, his mouth
frothing. Slamming hard, he shoved a screaming Wendy along the bench. His
balls, trapped in Grace's hand, ached. The cum in them was rumbling to be
released.

Wendy rolled her hips as he fucked her ass. Her clit rubbed against the
wood, sending shock waves through her empty pussy. "I'm gettin' ready,
Mommy! I'm gonna cream!"

"Yeah, baby," Grace gasped. "Cream." She squirmed closer, milking Lobo's
balls even as he fucked her daughter's ass.

Amy and her mother watched as Wendy thrashed wildly on the bench. Their
bodies were hot, their pussies hotter. Seeing Wendy have her ass ravaged
made both their pussies burn.

A hard jab from Lobo's powerful body ground Wendy's clit into the wood. The
rough friction triggered an explosive orgasm deep in her pulsing pussy.

"I'm cumming!" Wendy screamed. "I'm cumming!"

Hot orgasms whipped through Wendy's cunt. Pussy-cum gushed from her cunt and
flowed over her puffy cunt lips and soaked the bench. Another orgasm tore
through her snatch, her cunt walls contracting wildly as she twisted and
thrashed maniacally on the bench.

Lobo pounded her ass, his balls rumbling. Wendy's ass tightened around
Lobo's jabbing prick. He neighed, lunging hard as his balls exploded.

"He's creaming me!" Wendy shrieked as Lobo's cum squirted into her asshole.
"He's creaming me!"

She thrashed on the bench, her ass flooding with Lobo's thick gooey cum. The
spurting cum and hard jabs sent Wendy off into another mind- blowing orgasm.

Lobo reared up and slammed his cock into her ass. Snorting and shaking his
head, he dropped back to all fours. He lunged, driving Wendy to the end of
the bench as his cock cut quickly through her cum-filled asshole.

"He's creamin'!" Wendy squealed hysterically as Lobo knocked her off the
bench. She crashed to the floor and writhed like a snake. She twisted, her
tits mashed against the hay as her cock-stuffed ass remained high in the
air. "Oooo, I'm cumming! Cumming!"

Lobo brutalized her ass with hard powerful thrusts. His cum squished out
over his balls and trickled down Wendy's crack as he dragged her back and
forth along the ground. He reared up again, his balls blasting out another
load as he kicked the air and snorted from flared nostrils.

Wendy thrashed as her cunt gushed out hot milky cum. She clawed the ground,
her shoulders twisting. Her ass, stuffed with cum and prickmeat, rotated
wildly as her screams filled the barn.

Lobo's balls were drenched, his cum soaking her quivering thighs. He fucked
her asshole as the last of his cum spewed from his pisser. He kicked at the
ground, his head bobbing, his mane swishing. He emptied his balls then
jerked back, his spent prick popping from Wendy's ass.

Wendy collapsed on the ground. Cum flowed from her ass. "Eat it out, Mommy,"
she whimpered. "Clean my asshole."

Grace was on her daughter in a flash sucking cum from her fucked-out
asshole. She sucked and tongued until every drop of Lobo's jizz was in her
stomach.

Twenty minutes later, after Grace had taken Apollo's prick in the ass, the
four hot bitches stumbled from the barn.

Wendy reached the house first. She turned, her naked body tingling as the
rest of her family joined her on the porch. "This has been the best vacation
I've ever had."

Grace moaned happily and hugged her daughter. "Me too," she said. "And I owe
it all to you three."

"Oooo, Mommy. The four of us are gonna have so much fun together."

Everyone agreed as they staggered into the house to rest.



The End


A Wild Family Party by Hank Borden


Chapter 1


"Do you really want to fuck now, Janice? We're right in the middle of 
the party. Our guests will miss us."

"Shit on the guests, Dan Wilson. They're the ones who made me so horny. 
I've never seen such naughty goings-on in my whole life. And I've never 
been goosed so many times in one evening, either. So listen, my tall 
dark and handsome husband, either you stick your big prick in my pussy 
right now, or I'll go back downstairs and find someone who will."

"Okay, okay. But do we have to fuck in the shower?"

"Why in the hell not?"

He didn't have a response for that, so when the water warmed up enough, 
they stepped into the stall and closed the curtain. Steam rose up all 
around them, while a steady stream of water sprayed their naked bodies. 
They embraced immediately, and their lips came together with such 
passion that Janice began moaning almost at once.

Her tongue explored his, licking and caressing with abandon. Then she 
reached deeper to taste the root of his tongue. In no time her head was 
spinning, and her knees were wobbly.

His chest hairs scratched her big tits as she pressed into him. His 
cock-hairs tickled her thighs. With her desire now at its peak, she 
sank slowly to her knees and brought her eager tongue all the way down 
to her husband's stiff cock.

"Oh, yeah," Dan said, wiping sopping-wet strands of yellow hair away 
from her mouth, "that's what I need. Suck me good, Janice."

With shower water beating against her shoulders and back, the big 
blonde began flicking her tongue at her husband's cock-head. The 
swollen bulb was like hard rubber--pulsating hard rubber. Its piss-slit 
oozed a drop of jizz. Janice snatched up the drop of jizz before the 
water could wash it away; then she reached for more.

She flicked her tongue again and again, striking Dan's piss-hole with 
abandon. She found another drop of jizz ... and another ... and still 
another, gulping each down as soon as she had gathered it. Dan had to 
hold onto her shoulders to keep himself steady.

"That feels so good," he said, licking his lips.

She tried to push her tongue up into his piss-hole but found the 
opening too tight. She reamed the narrow slit with her tongue tip and 
cleaned it of jizz, then turned her attention to the rest of his cock. 
She worked her tongue up the slippery slope of his bulb and found that 
the shower water had given it a refreshing taste. She lapped hungrily, 
made him gasp, and made his whole cock bounce.

She moved her tongue down under and tantalized the many sensitive 
nerves located there. She heard her husband gasp again ... and again, 
and then she felt his fingers tighten against her shoulders so he 
wouldn't fall.

She jolted his nerves repeatedly as she stabbed her tongue tip into the 
underside of his prick-head. Again and again she knocked his fat cock 
upwards. But she loved his cock and kept toying with it, using her 
tongue expertly to give him all the pleasure he could handle.

When she moved her tongue to the cock-head's wide rim, Dan's gasps 
turned to deep moans, and he really began to teeter. She smiled 
inwardly and started working her tongue around and around that band of 
raw nerves. She tortured every nerve there and she knew it. His groans 
filled her ears. His nails bit into her bare shoulders. She watched his 
cock swell up even more until it was about as large as she had ever 
seen it. Then she opened her mouth wide and sucked in the big prick.

Janice, with her cheeks bulging more and more with each second, deep-
throated her husband's cock. She cradled his balls in her hands as she 
did so, and warm water cascaded down her fingers and fell onto her 
tits. She worked her lips all the way down to the root of his cock.

Dan placed a hand on the back of her head. "Keep that shit up and in no 
time you're going to be drinking cum!"

As soon as she felt his cock-head touch the back of her throat, she 
began pumping his prick with her greedy lips. She sucked long and hard, 
moving her lips up and down his fat cock-shaft in such a manner that 
she massaged every bump and every ridge that protruded from the meaty 
fuck-pole. Not one inch of his cock went unsucked.

"Ungh!" he granted. He placed two hands on the back of her head and 
then thrust his prick into her. "Here's another inch for you. Suck it 
well, baby."

Janice bobbed her head back and forth as she gobbled up the fat prick. 
The swollen bulb repeatedly speared the back of her throat, while the 
thick cock-shaft glided wetly along her tongue and the roof of her 
mouth. She gulped down spit, cum, and water in her eagerness to suck 
her husband's big cock.

While she sucked him off, she played with his nuts. She used her 
fingers to knead the big balls. She also bounced them around and 
rattled them like marbles. The nuts stiffened within seconds, and got 
hot too. But Janice held them tight in her palms and refused to let go.

The big blonde kept sucking. Spitty lips clung tightly to the huge 
prick as they moved up and down the rigid fuck-pole.

His cock disappeared again and again. Over the sound of rushing water 
could be heard wet sucking noises and desperate groans. And through the 
thick rolling steam could be seen Janice's bobbing head and a big cock 
getting bigger all the time.

"Oh, shit, baby," Dan said in a weak, shaky voice, "if you don't stop, 
I won't have anything left to fuck you with. Stop now, baby, before 
it's too late."

Janice had never thought she'd see the day when her husband would ask 
her to stop sucking his prick. Hell, a good blow-job was one thing he 
usually couldn't get enough of. But his request didn't worry her. She 
understood that he simply wanted to spill his jizz deep in her cunt, 
not her mouth. The idea excited her.

Janice let her husband's big prick slip out of her mouth. The fucker 
stood at attention, straight and strong and ready for more action. 
Smiling, she nuzzled the oozing bulb with her nose then stood up and 
turned her back to her husband. He seized her slim waist and tried to 
stab her pussy from behind.

"Ooooooh!" she squealed, arching her back instinctively. "You're right 
on target, lover-boy. Take another shot."

Janice, with shower water pummeling her face and tits, leaned forward 
and grasped the wall then spread her long legs apart.

Dan tightened his grip on her waist and lunged into her again from 
behind. His hairy groin slapped her ass and forced apart her ass-
cheeks, while his cock-head penetrated her fuck-hole and pushed apart 
her cunt-lips. Janice squealed again then began a long deep groan as 
her husband's big cock slid deeper and deeper into her cunt.

In no time his prick stuffed her blonde pussy completely. The fit was 
extremely tight, precisely the way Janice loved it. She loved it so 
much that she threw back her head, shut her eyes, and let the shower 
water beat down on her face, abandoning herself to the hot pleasures 
that had begun in her loins.

"Sweet as pie," Dan said and he kissed her on the neck with enough 
passion to make her shiver all over.

"Mmmmmm!" Janice moaned, her head still back, her eyes still closed. 
"Fuck me good and hard. Let me feel your fat cock at work."

Dan slowly worked his tongue up and down the side of her neck, while he 
stroked her pussy-tube with his prick. His strokes were hard and 
steady--hard enough to make her gasp aloud, steady enough to rock her 
whole body back and forth.

Janice bit her lower lip as the heat in her pussy intensified. She 
grunted, her fingers clutching desperately to the slippery tiles. "What 
a big cock you have! Oh, have mercy!"

Now tasting her soft shoulder, Dan continued to pump his big cock in 
and out of her sopping pussy.

His cock-head speared her pussy-walls from every direction possible, 
stretching them out of shape. His thick cock-shaft stroked her raw 
nerves and jolted them mercilessly. His hairy root tortured her swollen 
clit and made her clit throb. And his hard balls slapped noisily 
against her cunt-lips and the backs of her thighs, thus turning her 
normally milk-white flesh a rosy pink.

"Your pussy always feels good, Janice, no matter how we fuck."

He began pumping her harder now, and Janice cried out in response. She 
found herself rocking back and forth uncontrollably, as if she were 
hooked up to a runaway machine at an erotic amusement park.

Her breathing became ragged, desperate, as if her very breath were 
being knocked out of her by the hard-driving prick. Her tits heaved 
wildly as her body convulsed again and again. The big tits bounced up 
and down, rolled from side to side, and jutted forward every now and 
then to smack against the wall tiles. Janice flinched and groaned as 
both her tits and her cunt-lips swelled up and blushed pink.

"I'm going to come!" she cried out. "I'm going to come!"

Shower water flowed down her body, hugging every curve as it ran its 
course. Her body became radiant. She felt radiant.

"Oh, yeeessss, Yeeessss! I'm coming!" She pushed her pussy back into 
her husband's cock and strained every muscle in her body in an effort 
to keep her pussy-lips sealed tight against his nuts. In this plugged-
up condition Janice surrendered herself to orgasmic spasms that had her 
struggling to remain standing. After what seemed like hours, she 
muttered, "Never ... felt ... better."

"You will, baby. You're going to feel a lot better. Hell, I'm just 
getting warmed up."

Janice blushed when she heard her husband's words. He had always been a 
real stud, and she knew that he wouldn't let her down now. He would 
keep fucking her until she finally had enough.

The big guy pulled his still-hard prick out of her sopping pussy and 
pushed it into her ass-crack, where he held it while he rubbed her ass-
cheeks with both hands. Janice gasped and shivered, then braced herself 
for a wonderful ass-fucking.

The shower water was hot, and so was her husband's cock. She could feel 
the rigid fuck-pole throbbing against her ass-cheeks and her tender 
asshole. The heat seeped up her shit-tube and warmed her guts, and 
another shiver raced up her spine.

"You've got such a wonderful ass," he told her. "I can't wait to fuck 
it."

"Please do," she said in a shaky voice. "Hurry."

But he was in no hurry. While his cock-head pulsated at her back door, 
he used both hands to massage her plump ass-cheeks. He pinched the 
round mounds of flesh wickedly, so that she squealed like a mouse in a 
trap. He kneaded her ass-cheeks as if they were huge doughballs ready 
for the oven. He made her ass jiggle and shake, and turn a lovely shade 
of pink. And all the while, Janice kept her legs spread wide and her 
hands up against the wall.

Just when she thought he would never stick his cock up her ass, that he 
would simply go on playing with her ass-cheeks forever, Dan seized her 
hips in both hands and thrust his cock forward. His mighty cock-shaft 
parted her ass-cheeks and made her ass-crack widen, while his rubbery 
bulb penetrated her shit-bung and slipped up into her asshole. She 
stiffened at once.

Dan grunted. Then he shivered, and the resulting vibrations reached 
right up into her asshole.

Janice licked her lips and pushed her ass back into her husband's cock. 
She wanted more of his fuck-pole. She wanted that fucker deep, deep 
enough to burn her buttery guts. To be ass-fucked any other way, she 
felt, would be a waste of time.

Dan understood what his wife wanted, and he couldn't wait to give it to 
her. He thrust his prick into her ass again from behind, and this time 
more than half of his twelve inches slipped up into her shitter. She 
cried out, trembled, then looked back over her shoulder and asked for 
still more.

"You really are horny tonight, aren't you, baby?"

"I told you that I was."

"Well, you came to the right man. Hold on."

Janice did just that, her fingers spread on the slippery tiles, her 
toes the same on the shower mat. Then her husband bucked again. She 
imagined his narrow ass tightening and convulsing, felt his fat cock 
push deeper into her asshole, and heard her trapped shit-juices popping 
all around his prick. She sighed happily--and sighed again when his 
balls came to rest against her ass-cheeks.

"Damn, that's tight!" he said, his voice shaky. "But never mind, I know 
how to loosen it up."

Janice knew that he did. She clamped her eyes shut and gritted her 
teeth as he began to work his big prick up and down her shit-tube. The 
friction was out of this world. His rough cock-shaft jolted her tender 
ass-meat and quickly made the flesh swell up and begin to throb. 
Lightning bolts rocked her guts and flashed up into her brain.

His cock reached deep to spear first one side of her shit-tube and then 
the other. She gasped and groaned as tiny explosions went off inside 
her asshole. She was really being stretched!

His cock disappeared inside her asshole again and again. More shit-
juices popped, and the dirty sounds filled her ears and made her smile 
approvingly.

She had even more to smile about when Dan's big balls began to hammer 
her ass-cheeks. The flesh-on-flesh contact sent waves of blissful 
pleasure soaring through her ass and into every nerve of her body. She 
shivered and smiled a broad smile.

"Oh! Oh!" she groaned, shaking her head. "What a hot, hot cock! Oh, 
sweet mother-fucker, what a cock!"

"It's not my big cock!" Dan said, reaching up to grab hold of her tits, 
"it's your tight asshole that's killing us both. I don't know if I can 
loosen it up."

"Keep trying!" Janice said. "Fuck me good!"

Dan squeezed her tits in both hands until her soft tit-meat began to 
ooze between his fingertips.

He pulled at the huge mounds of flesh, stretching them out of shape. 
The tits blushed pink. The nipples swelled before Janice's eyes. She 
moaned and groaned ecstatically, then gasped suddenly when he yanked 
her closer to him and flattened her tits like pancakes.

His chest hairs now scratched her bare back. His cock-hairs scratched 
her ass-cheeks. His balls throbbed hotly against those sweet ass-
cheeks. When she realized how tightly plugged she was, she let out a 
long sigh and began to writhe sensuously, enjoying the big hunk of cock 
that was wedged inside her shit-hole.

"Fuck me, my man, fuck me! Let me feel your hot cock!"

"Will do, you big bitch. You're going to feel all of it!"

Keeping all twelve inches of his prick deeply imbedded in his wife's 
tight shitter, Dan began to move his hips in circles. He worked his 
cock around and around her shit-tube, stretching her buttery shitter-
walls every which way. He made her nerves stand on end, and he made 
more of her shit-juices pop. Janice leaned all of her weight into him 
and surrendered herself to one wide, mind-blowing sensation after 
another.

The big blonde could feel her asshole stretching but could do nothing 
about it--nor did she want to. She was enjoying the crazy heat and 
shocking pleasures that were spreading through her guts. Her husband's 
cock was now like a corkscrew, and, boy, she was getting screwed!

But she could also sense something building, and that something was her 
husband's orgasm. His cock started throbbing more wildly than ever. 
Even his nuts seemed alive as they rolled around and around her ass-
cheeks, threatening to expel their load of cum. And Dan's rhythmic 
movements were becoming more and more erratic as he banged his prick 
around and around her asshole.

"Yes!" he cried, throwing back his head and tightening his grip on her 
tits. "I'm done, baby, I'm done! I can't hold back any longer."

"Don't hold back, Dan! Don't hold back one more second! Shoot that 
creamy shit into my asshole right now!"

"Damn right, I will! Oh, fuck! I'm coming!" His whole body tensed as he 
blew his load deep inside her shitty ass. "Ahhh! I'm coming, you 
bitch!"

"Eeeeee!" Janice squealed when she felt the first hot wad of jizz spray 
against her shit-hole walls.

Her husband shot wad after wad of jizz into her shitter, soaking her 
down. She continued to squeal and buck as the steamy cum burned her 
tender guts. She had to pump her asshole muscles in an effort to deal 
with the liquid fire, but this only served to milk out even more of the 
burning jizz. In her passion she soon milked her husband's prick 
completely dry.

"Wow!" he said as he pushed her off his cock. "That wasn't half bad."

"What do you mean, not half bad? Hell, I turned a foot-long cock into a 
wet noodle that's not big enough now to fuck a fly."

"That you did, baby. I apologize." He gave her a playful kiss, which 
she eagerly returned. Then they both dried themselves off before 
stepping into the adjoining bedroom to dress.

A round waterbed occupied the center of their bedroom. Janice stood in 
front of the mirror, adjusting the straps of the black bra she had just 
put on. Dan was across the room, pulling up his pants.

"Believe me, Dan, that's a real wild party going on downstairs. I think 
we should hurry and get back to it, so we can try to maintain some 
order."

"Yes, well, I never really wanted to leave it. You were the one who got 
the hot pants, remember?"

"Because I kept getting pinched and fondled whenever I bent over to 
serve a drink. Enough of that shit would make any woman horny. Besides, 
you were more than eager to stick it to me."

"Maybe you're right, but I'm still glad that we threw this party. It 
seemed like a natural thing to do, what with our oldest kids home from 
college for the holidays. And my brother, Jack, and your sister, Sue, 
also in town for the holidays. I mean, what could be nicer than to have 
a little family reunion and invite over a few of the neighbors to help 
celebrate?"

"Nothing could be nicer," Janice said as she climbed into a tiny pair 
of black panties that barely covered her ass. "I'm glad to have my kids 
home again. My, how they've grown! Larry is so handsome, so masculine. 
He reminds me of you, twenty years ago. Mmmm! If I were his girlfriend, 
I'd let him have his way with me every night."

"Oh, you would, would you? Well, just remember, you're not his 
girlfriend, you're his mother ... but you're right, he has matured a 
great deal. And so has Terry. She's practically a grown woman now, with 
a body shapely enough to make any man drool."

"Well, I better not catch you drooling over her." Janice pulled on 
black stockings and snapped them to her garter. Then ran her hands up 
her long legs to smooth out any wrinkles.

"Who, me?" Dan asked, looking guilty. He was in the process of 
fastening his tie.

"Yes, you!" Janice snapped, looking back over her shoulder. "You and 
that girl have always been extremely close. As a child, she'd spend 
every moment possible at your side with her arms around your waist. Or 
sitting in your lap, wriggling her little ass, while you read to her."

Janice lifted the dryer to her damp hair. "Now, Janice, you know that 
all of that was perfectly innocent. Hell, she's my daughter."

"Your teenaged daughter with the body of a model. So don't encourage 
her." Janice climbed back into her party dress, a sheer white garment 
with a high hemline and a shockingly low neckline. She felt very sexy 
as she reached behind her for the zipper.

"Oh, don't be ridiculous." Dan sat down on the edge of the bed to tie 
his shoelaces. "Besides, I'm sure she's much too grown up now to behave 
like daddy's little girl."

"I'm not so sure," Janice said.

"Well, what about your sister, Sue? Is she grown up enough not to be 
still afraid of men? Or does the sight of a cock-bulge still terrify 
her?"

"My sister is not afraid of men, she's just shy."

"Bullshit! We invited her and Jack to this party, hoping to get them 
together. But she refuses to go near the man."

Janice stepped into her black heels.

"My sister is thirty years old, she can choose her own friends." She 
brushed her hair then added a touch of lipstick and eyeshadow before 
departing. As she walked out into the hallway, she said, "I'm going to 
check on the twins before I go down to the party."

"Good idea. I'll be down myself in another minute or two."

The twins, Kim and Teddy, were her only other children. Their bedroom, 
which they had shared since infancy, was at the end of the hall. She 
opened the door quietly so as not to waken them. But to her surprise 
their beds were empty, the room deserted.

"Bastards!" Janice said aloud. "They've disobeyed me and gone 
downstairs. I just know they have. I'll whip their little asses when I 
catch them."

But at that moment a chill breeze cooled her anger and made her shiver. 
The little devils had left open a window.

Quickly she closed the window and hurried downstairs in search of the 
two little monsters.



Chapter 2


"Nasty boys! Get your hands off my tits or I'll tell my daddy!" cried 
the girl. And Aunt Sue hurried to her niece's rescue.

Only a moment ago, Aunt Sue--a tall shapely woman with blue eyes and 
short brown hair--had been enjoying herself.

The party was in full swing. Laughter and shouts and squeals rang out 
from the kitchen, the dining room, the den, and the living room. Her 
sister, Janice, had locked the study door, hoping to spare that room at 
least. Sue had mingled among the guests, exchanged warm smiles and kind 
words, avoided groping fingers and protruding lips, ignored the 
occasional couple sneaking off into a closet, and had done her best to 
keep the booze flowing.

It was when she was on her way from the den to the kitchen to get more 
ice that Aunt Sue heard her niece's cry.

"Nasty boys! Get your hands off my tits or I'll tell my daddy!"

Aunt Sue ran down the hallway and turned the corner and saw a sight 
that shocked her. Her niece Terry was leaning against the wall, with 
three youths rubbing up against her, copping feels. Sue was so 
dumbfounded she could do nothing but stare with wide eyes and open 
mouth.

The well-groomed youths had pulled her niece's pink dress all the way 
up to her waist and were now trying to pull her white panties down her 
legs. She was struggling frantically to keep her pussy and ass hidden, 
but her jiggling curves and long shapely legs excited the boys even 
more and made them desperate.

"C'mon, Terry," said one youth, "we don't want to hurt you. We just 
want a piece of your ass, that's all."

"Yeah," said another, "you're in college now. You're old enough. Hell, 
you're more than old enough. I can't believe you're still afraid of 
boys."

"Let me see your pussy," said the third youth, "and we'll let you see 
our cocks. That's fair, isn't it?"

"You wicked boys! I'm going to tell my daddy on you!"

"You're too old to be running to your daddy," said one of the boys, his 
hand cupped around her pussy-mound. "C'mon, let's go outside and climb 
into the back seat of my car. The three of us will take turns sticking 
it to you. We'll help you grow up fast. C'mon."

"You nasty boys! Get away from me or I'll scream. I mean it. My daddy 
will get all three of you for this. Just you wait!"

"We're tired of waiting, bitch!" said one. He then grabbed her around 
the waist and lifted her off the floor. His friends took her feet, and 
together they tried to carry her toward the back door, while she 
screamed and flailed her arms hysterically.

Aunt Sue had seen enough. "Put that girl down, you mother-fuckers! Put 
her down, I say!"

"Shit! Who the hell is that?"

"I don't know, but let's get the fuck out of here!"

"Yeah, we'll find another bitch somewhere else!"

They dumped Terry and raced down the hall and around the corner. Aunt 
Sue did not chase after them; instead, she stooped to comfort her 
niece, who was trembling and whimpering like a small child. Luckily, 
the girl was not injured, except for her pride.

"You're safe now, Terry, let me help you up." Aunt Sue guessed that the 
girl was still a virgin. A child in a woman's body. And what a body! 
Big tits with ripe nipples bulged inside the girl's dress, their 
outlines easily seen through the thin material. Because the dress was 
still in disarray, Aunt Sue got a peek at the girl's white thighs. She 
could even see a few cunt-hairs protruding from beneath her niece's 
panties. She looked long and hard as she pulled Terry to her feet.

"Why are boys so mean?" Terry asked, wiping long golden strands of hair 
out of her eyes. "They would have raped me if you hadn't come along. 
Oh, I can't bear the thought of that."

"Try not to think about it," Aunt Sue said. She straightened out her 
niece's dress, taking the opportunity to cop a few feels of her own.

"Where's Daddy? I want to go to him."

"I'll find him for you. But first let me help you to your room, where 
you can lie down and rest for a while." Aunt Sue placed an arm around 
the girl's waist and encouraged the girl to rest her blonde head 
against her tits. They walked toward the stairs, hip brushing hip, 
thigh brushing thigh.

"I feet safe with you, Aunt Sue."

Terry's bedroom had been kept in order by her mother for such times as 
holidays and summer vacations. There was no one in the hallway when 
Aunt Sue led the girl inside and closed the door behind them.

Aunt Sue led the girl to the bed and pulled back the spread, then began 
undressing her.

"Do you really hate boys?" the woman asked as she unzipped Terry's 
dress.

"Yes, they're so nasty. I hate them all."

"Don't you ever get horny?" Aunt Sue freed the girl's arms and let the 
dress fall to her niece's ankles. Big braless tits tumbled forward. 
They were milky white, with pink nipples. They made Aunt Sue gasp 
aloud.

"Sometimes, but a girl at school taught me how to finger-fuck myself. 
She said that my finger isn't as painful as a cock. You won't tell 
Daddy, will you?"

"Of course not," Sue said, reaching up to cup one big tit. "Why should 
I? This is just between us girls."

She squeezed the girl's tit and made the nipple swell even more.

Terry squealed, "What are you doing, Aunt Sue?"

"Oh, nothing. Do you trust me, Terry?"

"Yes, of course. You're my aunt."

"Will you let me teach you another way to get your rocks off, a way 
that requires a partner?"

"Yes, I suppose so. It won't hurt, will it?"

"Not at all. Just do what I tell you, child."

"Okay, Auntie."

Aunt Sue quickly discarded the girl's panties and shoes then guided her 
naked body upon the bed. While tossing off her own clothes, the woman 
feasted her eyes upon her niece's smooth young flesh. The curves were 
soft and supple; the cunt-bush, thick and yummy; the tits, firm and 
ripe. Sue was out of breath by the time she had disrobed and couldn't 
wait to hop in bed with her niece.

As the mattress sagged beneath their weight, Aunt Sue snaked her tongue 
up her niece's right tit. She also coated her niece's tit with a layer 
of spit. Terry trembled nervously and placed her fist to her open 
mouth.

Aunt Sue tasted her niece's tit thoroughly, working her tongue in all 
directions. She knocked the big mound about. She made it bounce like a 
water balloon. She caused the pink nipple to swell and harden. Soon her 
niece's tit was as hard as a rock and throbbing hotly.

"Oh, wow!" Terry cried, shaking her head. "Mmmmmm!"

Aunt Sue turned to the other tit, cupped it in one hand, and began 
slobbering on it. Her tongue slithered up and down and across the 
milky-white tit, knocking it in all directions. Terry couldn't believe 
what she was seeing. Her tit quivered with each smack. It flattened and 
filled out repeatedly. Her nipple swelled up before her eyes and seemed 
to beg for a pair of lips.

Aunt Sue provided lips and tongue and teeth and applied them diligently 
to her niece's big tits, first one and then the other. The tits soon 
glowed a rosy red, and Aunt Sue knew that they were throbbing as well, 
charged with electricity.

"This is too much!" Terry cried, her face strained.

Aunt Sue smiled inwardly as she lifted her head to give her young niece 
a rest. The girl was a wreck. Her face was flushed. Her body was 
trembling. And Aunt Sue had just started!

From where she knelt beside the girl, Aunt Sue could smell the sweet 
aroma of her niece's pussy. The pussy seemed to call out for Auntie. 
She turned to get a closer look.

"Flip over, Terry, Auntie wants to see your pretty little ass. There, 
that's a good girl!"

"You're not going to hurt me, are you, Aunt Sue?"

"Not at all, dearie. You'll love what I'm going to do."

Terry lay on her stomach, with her head on her pillow and with her arms 
and legs outstretched. Aunt Sue looked at the shapely white ass and 
thought it was the finest she had ever seen. She reached down and 
grabbed the girl's hips, sinking her fingers into the soft flesh. And 
immediately, Terry pulled her knees up under her and jutted her ass up 
into the air, toward her auntie.

"You learn fast child. Now hold it there."

"I'll hold my ass here, Auntie, because I want you to lick it."

Still holding on to her niece's shapely hips, Aunt Sue began spreading 
gentle kisses all over the young blonde's ass-cheeks. She tasted the 
creamy white flesh and found it pleasing. She inhaled the soft scent of 
perfume and sighed deeply. Then she lightly pressed her face against 
the round mounds of ass-meat and experienced warm vibrations.

Deeply aroused, Aunt Sue snaked her tongue up one ass-cheek and down 
the other. She made the cheeks undulate. She also made them wet with 
her spit, and soon they were shining like double moons in a clear night 
sky.

"Eeeeee!" Terry squealed, and she poked her ass even more. "I love it. 
I love it." With one hand, she began squeezing her own tits, which were 
already flattened beneath her.

Aunt Sue kept licking, snaking her tongue up the full length of one 
shiny ass-cheek and spreading a narrow trail of spit. Terry shivered so 
hard that the bedsprings started creaking.

Auntie kept licking the quivering ass-cheek hungrily. She shocked her 
niece again and again with electrical jolts. Terry cried out and pushed 
her ass back, pleading for more hot licks.

While Terry sobbed and whimpered gleefully, her aunt kept licking the 
one ass-cheek. She licked hard enough to make the mound bounce heavily. 
She also drenched the ass-cheek with spit, so much so that gobs of 
Auntie's spit began to run down Terry's thighs. Terry moaned louder, 
obviously loving it all.

Aunt Sue, becoming more and more aroused, turned to her niece's other 
ass-cheek and began licking that one too. Terry moaned her approval.

Terry then pushed herself up onto her hands and knees. With her big 
tits hanging heavily beneath her, she looked back over her shoulder at 
her hot-licking aunt.

Aunt Sue held her niece firmly with both hands, sinking her nails into 
the soft flesh of the girl's hips. She then moved her tongue into 
Terry's ass-crack and began exploring the deep gash.

Terry squealed, swinging her ass from side to side.

Aunt Sue licked both sides of the deep ass-crack, and the entire 
length. She tortured every nerve there. Terry begged her not to stop, 
the girl's cries music to Sue's ears.

The woman licked harder. She began to slurp loudly and, lewdly. She 
soaked the ass-crack with her spit until more of the goo began to run 
down the backs of Terry's thighs.

And Terry was beside herself with joy. Her ass jiggled wildly. Her tits 
bounced and swayed to and fro. She began licking her lips and drooling 
deliriously, apparently overcome by her aunt's hot, slithering tongue.

Auntie began probing Terry's shit-bung, and Terry grew wilder and 
louder. Terry worked her shit-hole muscles in an apparent effort to 
relieve the mind-blowing sensations that were no doubt shooting through 
her shitter. Aunt Sue was careful not to get her tongue caught in this 
meaty trap.

With her niece's shit-hole pumping continuously, Aunt Sue moved her 
head this way and that, ramming her spitty tongue against Terry's shit-
hole. In her eagerness to plug up Terry's shitter, Aunt Sue nearly blew 
the child's mind.

Terry trembled and groaned and squealed and howled as her aunt's hot 
tongue attacked her shitter repeatedly. Sue could easily imagine what 
her niece was feeling, for she herself had had a hot tongue up her ass 
many times before. She knew her hot tongue was like a rasp on Terry's 
tender ass meat, a rasp that was scraping the girl's ass raw. A sudden 
squeal told Aunt Sue that she was right.

Auntie also knew that bursts of heat were soaring up into the young 
blonde's shitter. She wondered how the girl could take it. She herself 
would have probably collapsed in a heap by now. She began to develop a 
healthy respect for her niece as she worked her tongue around and 
around Terry's puckered shit-bung.

"You're driving me crazy!" Terry shouted at last, while squeezing her 
own tits. "I can't take any more of this!"

"Shall I stick my tongue up your pussy?" Aunt Sue asked, lifting her 
head.

"Yes, please. Stick it anywhere but up my ass. I'm going crazy!" Terry 
spread her thighs wider to make room in her pussy for her aunt's 
tongue.

Aunt Sue lowered her head again and moved her tongue down between her 
niece's open thighs. Thick yellow cunt-hairs tickled her tongue tip, 
while warm cunt-meat throbbed gently against her nose. The woman 
shivered with excitement as she began to eat her niece's pussy from 
behind.

"Ohhhhh!" Terry moaned and she arched her back. "That feels so goooood! 
Keep lickin', Aunt Sue."

She soaked Terry's cunt-hairs with her spit until they shone like dew-
covered grass. The blonde cunt-bush also began to resemble a wet mop. 
Spit dripped to the mattress as the woman snaked her tongue this way 
and that.

Aunt Sue, after soaking the blonde cunt-hairs, brushed them aside with 
her tongue and began licking the child's cunt-lips. She licked them as 
eagerly as she had licked the girl's ass-cheeks. She moved her tongue 
up and down, stretching the cunt-lips apart and closing them back 
together again. In a short while the meaty cunt-lips were throbbing 
hotly against Auntie's tongue.

Terry groaned. "You're too much, Aunt Sue. Your tongue feels a lot 
nicer than my finger."

Aunt Sue smiled but said nothing. Instead, she let her long tongue do 
the talking. She kept licking her niece's hairy pussy, while snorting 
pussy-hairs out of her nostrils. In spite of her difficulty in 
breathing, she found the girl's cunt quite tasty.

"Oh, wow!" Terry cried, wriggling her ass. "This is better than I had 
imagined. Boy, your tongue feels good."

"I'm glad you like it," Aunt Sue said, again lifting her head. "Now 
let's try a different position. I want you to sit on my face ... Here, 
I'll show you."

Aunt Sue turned and stretched out on her back on the mattress, with her 
feet resting on the pillow. She took Terry's frail hand and guided the 
girl forward, so that Terry was soon squatting over Aunt Sue's lips and 
once again offering her young pussy to her aunt.

She reached up with both hands and grabbed hold of her niece's ass to 
hold the girl steady. Then the woman lifted her head up between her 
niece's open thighs and snaked her tongue into the gaping cunt-crack. 
She licked the hairy fuck-meat with long, hot strokes of her tongue.

"Mmmmmm!" Terry moaned, her feet on either side of her aunt's head. 
"Ooooooh!"

Aunt Sue slobbered noisily as she worked her tongue up and down her 
niece's cunt-crack. She filled the pink gash with hot spit. She jolted 
Terry's tender cunt-meat. She brought blood boiling through the young 
blonde's cunt. In a short time Sue was licking a very wet and very 
swollen cunt.

"Eeeee!" Terry squealed. "You're licking all the right places, Auntie. 
Who taught you so well? You really have been getting around, haven't 
you?"

Aunt Sue continued her mind-reeling assault on her niece's cunt. She 
slithered her fat tongue up and down, tasting both sides of the girl's 
cunt-crack. She forced the thin cunt-lips far apart and bared much of 
Terry's pink fuck-meat. Then she lapped up the slimy fuck-juices that 
glistened before her.

The woman next forced her tongue tip up into the girl's fuck-hole. It 
tasted damn good! Aunt Sue liked the tight-fitting, steamy fuck-hole so 
much she plunged her tongue in all the way and plugged the little cock-
basket. Terry nearly hit the ceiling.

Terry started pumping her cunt and squealing deliriously. She trapped 
her aunt's tongue securely, holding the licker deep inside her pussy. 
Then she began swaying to and fro, as if trying to yank her aunt's 
tongue right out of the woman's mouth.

Aunt Sue held Terry's ass tight and tried to control the child. Sue 
probably could have pulled her tongue free if she had really wanted to, 
but the girl's sweet-tasting fuck-meat was too good to waste.

Meanwhile, Terry trembled above her. The young blonde, as far as Sue 
could tell, was enjoying the blissful waves of heat that were soaring 
through her pussy-hole. She cried out repeatedly. She spasmed all over. 
Her tits bounced and her ass-cheeks quaked. She rolled her eyes and 
babbled gleefully. Then she began tearing at her hair and begging to be 
tongue-fucked.

As soon as her niece's cunt relaxed, Aunt Sue began reaming it, 
expertly. She worked her tongue around and around the greasy cunt-hole, 
her licker forcing Terry's pussy-walls this way and that.

Terry, bouncing above her aunt's face, moaned and groaned. The heat and 
the friction inside her plugged-up pussy were obviously driving her 
mad. Sue knew that the girl would soon come.

"I can't get enough!" Terry cried. "Oh, help me! Help!"

Aunt Sue reamed Terry's cunt-hole a few more times and made it wetter. 
Then Sue began pumping her tongue up and down the young blonde's pussy. 
Each thrust of Sue's pointed tongue made Terry jump and cry out. Each 
backward pull made the girl gasp and tremble. She loved the power she 
had over Terry, and she continued to use her tongue like a cock.

"Heeelp!" Terry cried, with her hair bunched up in her fists. "I can't 
take much more! I just can't!"

She looked down at her aunt through dreamy eyes and once more began 
pumping her cunt. Terry pumped her cunt greedily in an effort to deal 
with the searing bliss shooting through her. Spit and cunt-juices 
mingled between her open thighs. Sweat formed on her ass and tits.

Aunt Sue smiled inwardly as she dodged the tightly clinging pussy-walls 
and continued to tongue-fuck the girl. She couldn't wait for the 
mouthful of fuck-juice she knew was coming. Maybe even two mouthfuls.

Anxious to take her niece to a satisfying climax, Sue yanked her tongue 
out of the girl's sopping fuck-hole and quickly sank her teeth into the 
girl's throbbing clit. It only took a quick bite and a roll of the 
teeth to take Terry over the edge.

Terry screamed, her cry making Sue hope that there were no wandering 
party guests in the hallway. "I'm coming, Auntie, I'm coming!"

Terry rolled back her eyes and gritted her teeth as violent spasms 
rocked her body. She choked on her own spit. She even flattened her 
titties in her fists. Then she gave a sudden shudder and blew her pussy 
juices into her aunt's open mouth.

"Mmfff!" Aunt Sue mumbled as she lapped up her niece's flowing pussy-
juices.

She licked lewdly and sloppily, and soon her face was soaking wet. Even 
her nostrils were clogged with the sticky fuck-juices. But she kept 
lapping up the cum as fast as it flowed.

Finally, Aunt Sue had had enough and lowered her head for a much 
deserved and much needed rest. As she licked her lips clean, she looked 
up at a sparkling plum-colored pussy. From her own experiences the 
woman knew that Terry's pussy was tingling hotly. She couldn't resist 
reaching up with one hand and massaging the swollen pair of cunt-lips.

"Mmmm! You eat pussy so well, Aunt Sue. Are you a lesbian?"

"Well, let's just say that I prefer the company of women."

"Don't you like boys at all?"

Aunt Sue hesitated. "Young ones, perhaps. Very young ones."

"We have a lot in common. I don't mind young boys, either. It's the 
older ones that I can't stand--except for Daddy."

"So, you love your father, do you?"

"Very much. I'd do anything for Daddy."

"Lucky him." Then Sue said, "Right now, I want you to do something for 
me."

"Yes, Auntie?"

"I want you to return the favor and eat my pussy until I come."

"Sure, Auntie. I was hoping you'd ask."



Chapter 3


Janice didn't find the twins in the living room or the dining room, and 
she was getting worried. Where could they be? She was determined to 
keep looking, especially for Kim's sake. That kid was too big-titted to 
be allowed to run loose around so many rowdy men.

As Janice moved toward the den to continue her search, she noticed 
buckets of rain beating against the windows, and occasional flashes 
lighting up the sky outside.

She stepped into the den and found herself in the midst of more of her 
neighbors, all in evening dress and with drinks in their hands. A tall 
raven-haired beauty who lived down the street came up to her and 
smiled. "Janice, I've been looking all over for you."

"And I've been looking all over for my twins. Have you seen them, Joy?"

"No, but I've seen Larry. That's what I wanted to talk to you about." 
The woman's blue dress clung like a grape skin. Joy was one of the few 
women at the party who could match Janice curve for curve.

"Larry? What's he done?"

"He's grown up, that's what he's done. Your Larry isn't a little boy, 
anymore. He's been hitting on many of the older women here, me 
included, telling them that he's got a ten-inch surprise for them if 
they want it. Hell. I would've accepted the offer if my husband weren't 
here. But you know how jealous Tom can get."

"Where is Larry now?"

"I don't know, maybe someone accepted his offer." Joy winked and nudged 
Janice, then continued on her way, swinging her hips as she walked.

"Bitch!" Janice said under her breath. "I wish she could accept an 
offer from my son, I'd hang her up by her toes!"

Did her teenaged son really think he was old enough to fuck grown 
women? Jan wondered. Or was this simply a case of too much wine?

Ten inches!

Janice never once considered the possibility that her son just might be 
old enough to make his own decisions. That thought never crossed her 
mind. No, to her, he was still a boy. Her boy. Why, it seemed like just 
yesterday that she was giving him baths and helping him dress for 
school.

Still, there was some doubt. Could it be that I just don't want Larry 
to go to bed with any woman but me? she wondered.

Nonsense, she decided.

"Janice, are you asleep on your feet? I was just talking to you. Hey, 
anybody home?"

Janice came to her senses and turned her head to discover a tall 
mustached young man grinning down at her. "Oh, I'm sorry, I was 
thinking about something. What did you say?"

It was Roger from across the street. He had already made five passes at 
her in the six months she had known him. She hoped this wasn't another.

"I merely asked you if you were aware that your twins are running 
around loose in their pajamas. I mean, I know it's none of my business, 
but that Kim is something else, and if some guy catches her alone 
somewhere--"

"Where are they?"

"Well, I'm not sure, but I believe they ran down that hallway a few 
minutes ago." He pointed to another doorway on the other side of the 
den. It led into a hall, which ran toward the rear of the house, where 
the locked study was located.

"Thank you, Rog. I'll find them."

"Would you like some help?" He reached behind her and pinched her on 
the ass. "You know how eager I am to help you."

"Not now, Rog. Enjoy the party." Then, to keep him interested, she 
said, "Maybe later. When I have more time."

She gave him a sexy smile then crossed the room through a noisy crowd.

Before she reached the doorway, Janice noticed Uncle Jack sitting on 
the sofa with two other couples. He wasn't with Sue as Janice had 
hoped; instead, he had his arm around a little blonde. Janice was 
mildly shocked to see such a big handsome man snuggling up to a girl 
obviously young enough to be his daughter. It just didn't seem right, 
somehow.

Janice wanted to give him a piece of her mind, but was afraid she'd 
disrupt the party. In any case she wasn't sure if she could now trust 
him to be alone with her own two daughters, his nieces.

It was some time later when Janice finally found the twins. She 
happened upon them outside the study door in the rear of the house, 
where no party guests were to be seen. She had heard soft giggling and 
whispering; and when she looked around the corner, there they were. She 
was about to call to them, until she realized what they were up to. The 
sight shocked her.

The two of them were on their knees, peering through the keyhole of the 
locked door. Their blonde heads moved back and forth as they took turns 
peeking. And while they peeked, Teddy's right hand moved at will 
beneath his sister's nightie, fondling her round ass; while Kim's left 
hand moved around inside her brother's pajama bottom, groping at his 
cock.

"All right, you two, that's enough of that." Janice's sudden appearance 
in the hallway scared the shit out of the twins.

They jumped to their feet, open-mouthed and red-faced. Teddy had an 
obvious hard-on; his sister had swollen tits. Janice couldn't have been 
more surprised; she had always thought of the twins as her babies. She 
was now at a loss for words.

"Naughty! Naughty! Naughty! You--you've disobeyed me. I want the two of 
you to go up to bed this instant! Do you hear me?"

"Yes, Mommy," they said in unison.

"Then go! In the morning your father and I are going to have a long 
talk with you both. Count on it!"

Shit, I don't believe it. One moment they're babies, and the next 
moment they're interested in sex. Well, the first thing I'm going to 
have to do is place them in separate bedrooms.

She watched them climb the staircase at the end of the hall, then said 
to herself, "Now, what on earth were those two looking at?"

The blonde hiked up her dress so it wouldn't split then got down on her 
knees on the soft carpet and peeked through the keyhole. It took a 
while for her eyes to adjust to the dim light inside, but when the 
picture finally came into focus, she was greeted with another shock.

Her son Larry was in the study. The boy must have gotten hold of the 
key and let himself in. He was not alone. The widow, Jill, who lived 
across the street was with him. The two of them were naked and lying on 
the carpet in front of the desk. They were not sleeping.

Janice did nothing rash. She just knelt there, watching and listening 
to everything that went on inside the study.

"Oh, boy, does your tongue feel good on my pussy. You may be young, but 
you eat pussy as well as any man I've ever known." Jill spread her 
thighs wider and arched her back. Her head and shoulders rested 
comfortably on the soft carpet.

Larry snaked his tongue up and down her cunt-lips. He massaged them 
roughly, so roughly she squealed and shivered uncontrollably. But she 
was smiling the whole time, even when the youth's spit began oozing 
down her inner thighs.

Larry licked her cunt-lips and stretched them apart. He soaked her 
cunt-hairs with his spit. He jolted her tender nerves without mercy. 
And in only a matter of minutes her cunt-lips were puffed up and 
throbbing wildly.

She moaned, shaking her head and licking her lips. "That's right, boy, 
don't be bashful. Lick the shit out of me!"

Knowing that they were alone in the study with the door locked from the 
inside, Jill had no inhibitions whatsoever.

Larry, a tall athletic youth with sandy hair and blue eyes, finally 
managed to work his tongue into the widow's cunt-crack. He started 
licking immediately. He licked both sides of her cunt-crack, up and 
down the gash's full length. His tongue took away her breath and filled 
her with all sorts of crazy sensations.

"Eeeee! Oh, shit! Lick my pussy, damnit!"

She thrust her pussy upward and dabbed pussy-juice on the youth's nose.

Larry didn't seem to mind. He pushed his tongue up into her fuck-hole 
with a rush that made her gasp aloud. He kept pushing, not giving her 
time to catch her breath. He forced apart her cunt-walls and her cunt-
lips, and turned her crack into a chasm.

Panting heavily, Jill made her pussy as loose as she could so the kid's 
tongue would not be hindered in any way. She welcomed his hot licker 
into her cunt-hole, enjoyed the blissful heat and spit that accompanied 
it. As his tongue slid deeper and deeper, she rolled her eyes and 
licked her lips, wondering if there was an end to his tongue.

When his tongue's forward movements finally did end, Jill was jolted 
again by his hot lips, which pressed into her sensitive cunt-meat. She 
shivered hard and clamped her pussy tight around Larry's tongue, a 
position she maintained for several seconds until the kid's muffled 
shouts and wild bucking brought her to her senses and made her relax 
her grip.

With her pussy-hole open again, the youth began working his tongue 
around and around her slippery cunt. He forced her cunt-walls every 
which way. He brought the blood in her cunt to a quick boil, so that 
her fuck-meat swelled up some more and turned apple red.

"Aaagh!" she cried out, shivering.

Larry reamed her pussy-hole thoroughly, lapping up pussy-juices along 
with his own spit. He unfolded the many folds of fuck-meat. Around and 
around moved his tongue; from side to side swung her head.

Suddenly her head shot back. Her eyes bugged out. Her body tensed. 
Larry had plunged his tongue into her cunt up to the hilt.

"Eeeee!" she squealed, her lips quivering. "Shit, it feels just like a 
cock!"

The youth began shaking his tongue up and down her cunt-hole, fucking 
her deep. He jolted her tender cunt-walls mercilessly from every angle. 
He scraped her clit until it stood at attention and threatened to pop. 
He stirred her cunt-juices into a soupy froth. He had Jill panting 
loudly and cursing under her breath.

"This is crazy!" the widow cried.

She could hear squashing noises emanating from her plugged-up cunt, 
could feel spit oozing down her inner thighs. Wild blissful joy began 
sweeping through her body, and she began pumping her cunt against the 
trespassing tongue.

She pumped hard and fast, until the friction became unbearable. Then 
she pumped even harder. And all the time, Larry was tongue-fucking her 
with sloppy strokes. She soon found out that this was more than she 
could handle.

"Oh, yesss! I'm coming!" Spasms overtook her, and she shook and 
trembled beneath him. Spit dribbled from her quivering lips. Strange 
sounds escaped her throat. Her cunt twitched and jerked and finally 
erupted with a load of cunt-juice.

Larry lapped up her dripping fuck-juices with no concern for manners. 
He filled the air with lewd lapping noises. He slopped cunt-juice all 
over her hairy groin and her inner thighs. He also got his nose 
drenched with fuck-juice. And through it all, Jill shivered and 
whimpered and gasped aloud.

The widow licked her lips while the kid licked her cunt clean. She 
moved her ass in circles as he licked her so that she could feel his 
tongue all over her cunt. She knew that he would do a thorough job. But 
she was impatient and extremely horny, so she kept her ass moving.

 When she finally pushed his face away from her pussy, it was only so 
she could turn around and suck his prick. She wasted little time in 
bending over the youth and wrapping her lips around his thick red bulb.

The heat blasted her throat, and the meaty aroma filled her nostrils as 
she got a firm grip. She held onto the bulb for several seconds while 
it throbbed gently against her cheeks. Then, she spat out the prick-
head and began licking it. Larry lay still on his back, moaning softly 
while stroking the woman's flowing red hair.

She snaked her tongue up and down his cock-head, coating the cock with 
her spit and making it very slippery. The sloping bulb was soon 
shining.

After wetting down the boy's prick-head, Jill began licking his flaring 
rim. She stroked the many nerves located there and tantalized them. 
Larry groaned and gasped.

Jill licked the boy's rim until his bulb began to throb. With his fat 
cock-head pulsating wildly, she worked her tongue up to his piss-hole 
and began tunneling. She dug her tongue tip as deep as she could, 
forcing apart the narrow opening, and plucking out a drop of jizz.

After gulping the jizz down and smacking her lips clean, she stuck out 
her tongue and searched for more. In her search, she nearly split his 
piss-hole apart and almost drove him crazy by jolting his raw nerves. 
He cried out again and again, all the while slapping his ass and heels 
against the carpet.

Jill rubbed his balls to calm him down but never took her tongue from 
his cock. She stroked his piss-slit hungrily and continued to oil her 
throat with his jizz. The slippery cum really turned her on; she didn't 
mind the taste at all.

In fact, she loved the taste.

Sighing contentedly, Jill opened her mouth wide and deep-throated 
Larry's cock. She grunted when the fucker stretched her cheeks wide and 
made them ache. She gagged when the fat bulb snuggled up against the 
back of her throat and nearly choked her to death. She moaned when the 
cock's intense heat filled her mouth and then her brain and made her 
senses swirl.

"Wow! Fantastic!" Larry cried. "You're really teaching me a lot, Jill. 
Please don't stop."

She held his cock deep for a while, then began sucking it in and out of 
her mouth. Her head bobbed back and forth as she made his prick 
disappear, reappear, and disappear again. Each time she spat out his 
cock, it was wetter than before.

As her cheeks bulged, her lips massaged his prick-shaft from his heavy 
balls to his fat bulb. She tantalized the youth's tenderest nerves and 
made him howl. She listened to his hysterical cries and to her own lewd 
sucking, and she was pleased with herself.

As she bobbed her head up and down, she shivered under the onslaught of 
the boy's cock-hairs. The wiry hairs brushed her cheeks and lips, 
clogged her nostrils, tickled her chin. But not once, not once, did she 
let go of his cock.

In fact, she sucked harder all the time. She drew the prick in and out 
of her mouth with blinding speed. Spit flew everywhere. She made the 
kid's cock grow fatter and hotter, while she herself grew hornier.

Soon the boy's balls started beating against her lips. Her lips grew 
redder, puffier, almost numb. But she found pleasure in that too, and 
began deliberately sucking his cock into her mouth, balls-deep.

The sound of the kid's balls slapping against her face filled the 
study. The lewd noises sent a chill up her spine.

She kept sucking the prick in and out, in and out, until the fucker 
finally swelled up and began to throb dangerously. Now she knew it was 
time to fuck. There was no sense in putting it off any longer.

Jill turned around on her hands and knees and began swinging her ass in 
Larry's face. She also began rubbing her pussy with one hand as she 
looked back over her shoulder at the youth. She could almost feel his 
greasy prick slipping in and out of her wet cunt already, even though 
he hadn't yet mounted her.

"Are you sure it's all right, Mrs. Farmer?" Larry asked as he 
sheepishly crawled up behind her. "You've been our neighbor for so long 
you're almost like family."

"Families fuck each other all the time, Larry, so don't let that bother 
you. Hell, I didn't ask you to show me the study just so I could read a 
book. I've been wanting to fuck you ever since you were in high school. 
So don't disappoint me. Stick your big cock in me."

"Okay, Mrs. Farmer, if you say so." Larry grabbed her slim waist with 
both hands and snuggled up close to her ass, his stiff prick probing 
between her thighs. He speared her cunt-crack right away and made her 
squeal joyfully. Then he began humping.

Jill arched her back and clenched her teeth as the youth's prick sliced 
through her cunt-crack and up into her fuck-hole. Her cunt-lips 
stretched, as did her cunt-walls, and a violent shiver raced through 
her body.

Larry kept humping, driving his prick deeper and deeper into her fuck-
hole. She shook her head wildly and sent her long red hair dancing 
about her shoulders. She groaned through quivering lips. She stared 
mindlessly through half-closed eyes at the ceiling.

Larry tightened his grip some more and pulled her ass a little closer. 
Then he lunged into her with enough force to take away her breath and 
send ripples through her ass-cheeks. Her eyes bugged out as his balls 
slammed into her cunt-lips.

She couldn't believe how tightly plugged she was. She could almost feel 
his cock-head in her belly. She shivered hard, not knowing what to 
expect next.

The horny youth continued to hump, his lunges driving his stiff prick 
in and out of her cunt-hole. His nuts beat steadily against the backs 
of her thighs, while his bulb stabbed her cunt-walls from every 
direction. She could do nothing but maintain a firm grip on the carpet 
and enjoy the blissful sensations that were rolling through her loins.

His cock-hair scratched her ass and made her shiver. His nails dug into 
her thighs and made her cringe and moan.

Larry fucked her pussy thoroughly, nearly pulling it inside out with 
his hard lunges. He made her fuck-juices drip more and more, and soon 
churned the cum into a soupy froth that sprayed everywhere. In a short 
time Jill's ass and thighs were sopping wet, to say nothing of Larry's 
cock.

"Ungh!" the widow moaned. "Oh, yes. That's the way. Make a poor widow 
lady happy."

He tried to do just that, or so it seemed to Jill. He started humping 
harder and faster, so that the study rang with the lewd noises of flesh 
slapping flesh. She trembled from head to toe, loving the hard cock-
thrusts that jolted her raw pussy, and relishing the dirty noises that 
filled her with all sorts of naughty thoughts. She licked her lips 
dreamily and began pushing her round ass back into the humping youth.

Then spit began dripping from Larry's panting mouth. The hot goo fell 
down onto the small of her back and sent shivers up her spine. She 
loved it.

Larry leaned over her as he fucked her. His hard narrow ass moved back 
and forth behind her. His smooth chest heaved with his wild humping. He 
strained his muscles to get deeper and deeper inside her pussy, and she 
made no attempt to resist.

His cock slammed into first one side of her cunt and then the other. He 
stretched her cunt-walls at will and kept them well greased. She 
grunted and gasped as she experienced one thrill after another.

His cock-root scraped against her clit again and again. The little clit 
bucked and throbbed and swelled up in response.

"Ohhh! I love it. I love it! Fuck my pussy hard!"

She started fucking back into the kid even more. She easily matched his 
hard thrusts, and the flesh-slapping noises increased in volume. 
Quivers raced up and down her ass and thighs. Her round tits swung 
heavily beneath her. Her breathing became labored, desperate even, as 
if she couldn't suck in enough air to keep herself alive.

Now fuck crazy, Jill impaled herself again and again on the kid's big 
prick. She nearly split her pussy in half in her eagerness to capture 
as much of his cock as she could. She continued to fuck like a tigress 
in heat right up until the time her orgasm overtook her.

"Ungh!" she cried, suddenly throwing back her head. "Oh, yes, what a 
bitch! I'm coming! I'm coming!"

No longer in control of herself, Jill slammed her pussy back into Larry 
with enough force to stagger him. Then she started pumping her cunt-
muscles. She kept pumping them as orgasmic spasms rolled through her 
body.

"Aagh!" she cried as she drenched the youth's nuts with her cunt-
juices. "You did it! You made me come!"

Jill clenched his cock with her cunt and wriggled excitedly at the same 
time rolling her eyes with joy. She was still enjoying her orgasm when 
the kid suddenly bucked forward and blew his wad deep into her cunt-
hole. The sudden eruption of hot jizz against her raw pussy-meat nearly 
blew her mind. She couldn't help but scream.

Larry shot his full load into her, and by the time he was spent, Jill 
was out of breath and her cunt was overflowing. She milked the last of 
his cum from his nuts, then wriggled her pussy until his prick popped 
out of her. A great wave of emptiness then swept through her, and she 
was tempted to capture his cock once again. But the time was late and 
she was tired. She knew it had to end.

"That was really good, Jill," Larry said as he looked about for his 
clothes. "I'm glad you let me fuck you. I was so horny."

"Well, I'm glad you enjoyed my pussy," Jill said as she pulled up her 
panties. "But are you sure that it was me you were fucking?"

She looked at Larry and gave him a warm smile.

"Well, of course it was you. What are you talking about?"

"How many women did you hit on before you got lucky with me?" She kept 
her eyes fixed on his, even while she snapped on her bra.

"N-none. You were the first." He stood there with his trousers halfway 
up his legs, a puzzled look on his face.

"C'mon, kid, I wasn't born yesterday," she said, still smiling. "Now 
tell me, how many?" She reached for her yellow gown and pulled it on 
over her head.

"F-four." He finally got his trousers up where they belonged, but his 
shaky fingers made buckling them difficult.

"Four, huh? And how many of those four were like me, in their mid-
thirties?" She zipped up her gown as she stepped into her heels.

"I don't know. All of them, I suppose. Why do you ask?"

"How old is your mother?"

"Thirty-six, but what does that have to do with anything?"

"Don't you see?"

"See what?"

"You don't really want to fuck older women. You simply want to fuck 
your mother." Jill ran a comb through her hair. "A moment ago, when you 
were balling me. In your mind you weren't really fucking me, you were 
fucking your mother. Believe me, I could tell."

"Do you really think so?"

"I'm positive."

"You may be right. Mom and I have been pretty close all these years. 
And whenever I hear Dad and her fucking, I get real jealous."

"That's understandable."

"Yes, I do want to fuck my mother. But what do I do about it?" He 
shrugged his shoulders at Jill, his face in a frown.

"You go ahead and fuck her, that's what you do. Hell, you've certainly 
got the cock for it. If you don't fuck her, you'll go crazy." Jill 
powdered her face and made sure she was neat all over.

"I feel crazy right now. Mom will never let me fuck her."

"If I know Janice, she'll let you. Shit, she's always telling everyone 
how wonderful you are. I've got to be getting back to the party now. My 
date will be wondering where I am. But you do as I say. Go ahead and 
fuck your mother and get it over with. You'll feel a lot better, 
afterwards."

"All right, I will. But later, when my cock has recovered."

Janice hurried from the door so she wouldn't be caught peeking. She 
rejoined the party in the den, only seconds before Jill entered.

She had known Jill a long time, but the redhead certainly surprised her 
tonight. Janice didn't know whether to hate Jill for fucking Larry or 
love the woman for suggesting to Larry that he fuck his mother. After 
some soul-searching, she decided to love Jill. She herself would never 
have had the courage to ask her own son to fuck her.



Chapter 4


Aunt Sue had dressed and rejoined the party, leaving Terry alone in her 
room to rest. Stretched out naked on her bed with her head buried in 
her pillow, Terry listened to the wild and naughty goings-on below. Men 
and women, boys and girls, family and neighbors were down there 
enjoying themselves, while she was up here feeling sorry for herself. 
What was wrong with her? Why did she so hate the company of men? It 
just wasn't natural.

She had had fun with her aunt. But she couldn't spend her whole life 
with her aunt. She knew in her heart that she should be with boys her 
own age. And deep down she wanted to be with them. But just the thought 
of a boy or a man putting his hand on her body revolted her. And she 
knew that if she joined the party now, someone's hand would be on her 
ass before she could blink an eye. She didn't know what to do.

Terry wiped away a tear as she tried to imagine herself ever fucking 
someone of the opposite sex.

I don't think I ever could, she told herself, shivering at the thought. 
It wouldn't be right.

But why wouldn't having sex with a boy be all right? She wanted to 
know. She thought hard, searching her mind and her soul, striving to 
force out the answer. Because ... because ...

Because Daddy wouldn't like it!

Could that be the answer? Perhaps. Certainly, her daddy and she were 
very, very close. Wasn't he always calling her his special little girl? 
And wasn't he always cautioning her to be good if she wanted to remain 
his special little girl?

She didn't know anything right now. She was as confused as she had ever 
been in her whole life. And to make matters even more confusing for 
her, someone began knocking on her bedroom door.

Aunt Sue! She wants to eat my pussy again. Oh, Aunt Sue, I'm no 
lesbian. Can't you find another woman somewhere?

But to be polite, Terry said, "Come in. The door's unlocked."

She made no effort to cover her naked body; after all, Auntie had 
already seen everything there was to see.

But when the door opened, it was not her auntie who entered.

"Daddy!"

"Terry!" He ducked back out. "I'm sorry, I thought you were dressed."

"It's all right, Daddy," Terry said, sitting up in bed and pulling a 
sheet over her. "Come on in. I don't mind." She held the edge of the 
sheet against her tits. They were barely covered.

"If you're sure it's okay?" he said, entering sheepishly. "I didn't see 
you downstairs anywhere, so I thought I'd come up here and check on 
you. Aren't you feeling well?"

He closed the door behind him and came and sat on the edge of the bed.

The mattress sagged beneath his weight, and Terry's ass slid down and 
came to rest against her father's thigh. She made no effort to move 
away, and he didn't seem to notice. He merely smiled at her and placed 
a hand on her bare shoulder.

"Aren't you feeling well?"

"I felt a little tired so I thought I'd turn in early. But now that 
you're here, I don't feel a bit tired. We can talk if you like." She 
sat up straighter, and the sheet slipped beneath her nipples, but she 
quickly adjusted it properly.

"Okay, what would you like to talk about?"

"Boys."

"What about them?"

"Everything about them. I'm so confused."

"Oh, I see," he said. He cleared his throat and rubbed his chin. "Well, 
now, where do I begin?

"With sex."

"Do you know anything at all?"

"Oh, yes. Mom told me about fucking."

"She did, did she? And have you ever fucked?"

"No, that's what confuses me. Whenever a boy starts feeling me up, I 
get disgusted and even a little frightened." Terry told him about her 
fears and doubts. When she was finished, she breathed deeply, as if a 
great weight had been lifted from her shoulders.

"Terry, I certainly didn't intend for you to stay a virgin your whole 
life. If you meet a nice boy, I'll trust you to do the right thing."

"But what is the right thing, Daddy? I'm confused."

"Of course, you're confused. You're too inexperienced to know anything. 
You need someone to teach you the ropes."

"Who will teach me?"

"There are several boys downstairs. Why don't you go down and mingle 
with them and let nature take its course."

"They disgust me, Daddy." She began to pout. Her hands relaxed. The 
sheet slipped down below her tits, which jutted out proudly and showed 
off their bright red nipples.

Her father's eyes roamed at will, not just over her tits but also over 
the outline of her body. She noticed right away and allowed the sheet 
to slip down to her belly.

"There are boys at your college. Do any of them interest you?" His eyes 
widened. His tongue began to circle his lips.

"No, Daddy. They're all disgusting." She sat up even straighter and let 
the sheet slip down to her lap.

"Gee, Terry, I don't know what to say." He tried to peek beneath the 
sheet.

"I know you could teach me, Daddy. I don't find you disgusting. And I'm 
not afraid of you, either. Please, Daddy." She pushed up against him, 
grabbing his shoulders as she pleaded with him. The sheet slipped down 
to her knees.

Dan popped a boner. Terry could see the huge bulge in his crotch and 
the pain in his face, and she knew the cause of his discomfort. She had 
seen that pain many times before in other faces, and she had seen huge 
cock-bulges many times before in other crotches, and so she was 
familiar with them. Her daddy's huge cock bulge and his painful look 
were caused by a stiff prick and the intense desire to ram that prick 
deep inside her cunt.

This was the point where she always became frightened or even 
terrified. But just as her daddy's hot stares did not disgust her, his 
stiff boner and hungry look did not frighten her either.

"I'm not sure if I am the right person to teach you. After all, I am 
your father." He held her waist; his eyes beheld her entire body.

"You're the only one who can teach me about men, Daddy. I won't let 
anyone else. If you don't teach me, I'll probably be a lesbian." Again 
she pouted, while pressing her tits into his chest. "Is that what you 
want, Daddy, a lesbian for a daughter?"

"Hell no. One dyke in the family is enough. But, still, I--"

"Do you like my tits, Daddy?" She took her titties in both hands and 
lifted them. "Nice, aren't they?" She dug her thumbs into her nipples 
then lowered her head and licked the tops of her creamy tits.

"Mmmmm! They taste good, Daddy, very good. Want a lick?" She lifted her 
head then raised her tits higher, towards her father's trembling lips.

Dan was only human. He could only take so much. He shot a quick glance 
toward the door then reached out and grabbed hold of his daughter's hot 
tits. She, gasping, relinquished them to his care then threw back her 
head as he lowered his head.

"Mmmmm! Fantastic! Lick 'em hard, Daddy. Show me what it's like to be 
with a man. Show me everything, Daddy." She cradled his head as he 
slobbered on first one tit and then the other.

Hot breath and hot spit combined to fill her upper body with joyful 
spasms. She groaned and twitched happily, loving the way her daddy 
sucked her nipples in and out of his wet mouth.

Terry threw her head far back and moved it in circles. Her hair, 
brilliantly golden, fell down to her ass in long streamers and danced 
about freely there, tickling her bare flesh. Feeling wonderful, she 
sighed deeply.

With her head thrown back, her tits jutted out magnificently, and Dan 
had no trouble tasting them. His tongue roamed at will, snake-like, up 
and down her white tit-mounds and around and around her red nipples. He 
made slurping and lapping noises as he soaked her tits with his spit.

"Ungh!" Each flick of his tongue sent joyful heat waves sweeping 
through her tits. Each tiny bite sent jolts of electricity to rock her 
senses. Every kiss sent hot blood racing through her tits to swell and 
harden her big white mounds.

Her father licked and bit and kissed until her tits were throbbing 
against his face. Then he released them and sank slowly downward, 
allowing his tongue to trace a wet path down her belly. She moaned and 
continued to cradle his head, even while he was kissing her 
bellybutton.

When he tossed the sheet completely off her, Terry gasped and 
instinctively drew back her legs and spread them wide. Her hot cunt was 
twitching rapidly, dripping with desire. She wanted it licked and 
sucked, now.

She raised her arms and grabbed two handfuls of her own hair, at the 
same time licking her lips and watching his every move. Already she 
could feel his hot breath on her cunt-mound. When he pushed her thighs 
even wider apart, she lay back and rested her head on her pillow to 
await his tongue.

Soon his hands were beneath her, enveloping her ass-cheeks. She 
shivered, gasped, began wriggling her hips as his rough hand strokes 
sent spasms up her spine. She pushed her pussy even closer to his 
mouth, her eyes begging him to eat her.

Terribly horny, she then drew her knees back to her shoulders and gave 
her father plenty of room to eat. With his fingers digging into her ass 
and with his lips now pressing into her cunt-crack, Terry truly felt as 
if she were trapped between a rock and a hard place--but she wouldn't 
have traded places with anyone in the world. Absolutely not!

She moved her hands to her tits, squeezed the big mounds, moved them in 
circles, thumbed her nipples. She closed her eyes dreamily, ran her 
tongue along her lips. She thought of how shamelessly she was behaving, 
didn't care one bit, was feeling too good to care.

Terry gasped aloud and bit her lower lip when her daddy slipped his 
tongue up into her cunt-crack. Her velvety cunt-lips parted just enough 
to allow his tongue to enter. Then they closed around his wet tongue 
like a hairy vise.

Squeezing her tits with one hand, Terry reached out with her other and 
began slapping the mattress as wonderful sensations spread through her 
cunt. Her daddy's tongue darted forward repeatedly. And though she 
couldn't see it, she certainly felt it. Boy, did she!

"Oh, Daddy! Daddy! What a tongue you have! Let me feel more of it. Let 
me feel your hot tongue deep in my little pussy."

Terry moved her hips in circles as she enjoyed her father's tongue. 
Waves of bliss swept up into her cunt-hole and took away her breath, 
while more joy rocked her clit and made the little fucker swell. Loving 
it all, she spread her thighs even wider and tightened her grip on her 
tits.

Dan moved his tongue around and around his daughter's hot cunt. He 
pushed her cunt-meat here and there as he tasted all of it. Cunt-juices 
dripped down his throat, and he sent them to his belly. Cunt-hairs 
tickled his nose, and he had to snort them out of his way. But he kept 
licking.

Terry, moaning and groaning unashamedly, begged him to lick her harder, 
deeper.

Spit dribbled down her inner thighs, but she didn't care. Heat soared 
up her fuck-hole, and she loved it. Sloppy lips mopped up her cunt-
juices as they oozed out of her crack; and she approved, gladly.

"You're making me all wet, Daddy," she said, her voice shaky, frantic 
at times. "I can tell that mine isn't the first pussy you've ever 
licked. You're good! Real good! Your tongue is hitting all the night 
places. Oh, I can't get enough!"

Terry began moving her pussy up and down, snaring her daddy's tongue 
with her deep cunt-crack and smothering his nose with her golden bush. 
Her clit swelled up even more and began to throb. Her moans grew 
louder. His tongue was so deep she was sure she had all of it ... she 
was wrong.

"Eeeee!" she squealed, when her father jabbed the tip of his tongue 
still deeper. "Ooooh!"

When lapping noises drifted up to her ears, she, loving the lewd 
noises, shivered with delight. She was so delighted she pinched her own 
nipples then lifted her tits up so she could taste the throbbing 
nipples.

"I'm going out of my mind," she said. "Oh, Daddy, I want to come all 
over your face!"

She then lowered her hands to the back of his head and forced his mouth 
tight against her cunt-lips. Dan took the hint and began eating her 
pussy harder than ever. He sucked and slobbered over her glistening 
cunt-crack, and now and then bit into her fuck-meat. And through it 
all, he squeezed her ass-cheeks in his hands as though he were kneading 
dough.

"Ah, yes," she said, dreamily. "Now you're doing it. Now you're doing 
it, Daddy. Just a little to the right. Mmmmm! Now, a little to the 
left. Oh, shit, yeah! Do it, Daddy, do it! I'm almost there!"

Terry moved her hips in circles as her passion mounted. Then, with 
waves of bliss sweeping through her in increasing amounts, she began 
bouncing on her ass in an effort to endure the unbearable pleasures she 
was experiencing. Her cunt throbbed and throbbed and throbbed until her 
orgasm was inevitable.

"Ohhh!" she cried, throwing back her head. "Yes! Yes! Yeeesss! I'm 
coming, Daddy, I'm coming! Aaagh!"

She bucked repeatedly, slamming her gushing cunt hard against her 
father's sucking mouth. She strained against him and listened as he 
sucked her cunt-hole dry.

Terry lost track of time as her mind swirled in ecstasy. One explosion 
after another rocked her brain and echoed through her loins. She made 
animal noises that were desperate and frantic as she pumped her cunt-
juice into her father's willing mouth. At last, she had found a man 
whom she did not have to fear.

When the last wave of heated bliss had died away, Terry pried herself 
loose from her daddy's passionate grip and knelt before him. Smiling 
warmly, happily, appreciatively, she spread her kisses about as she 
fumbled with the buttons of his shirt. She tasted her own cunt-juices, 
liked the flavor, and soon began licking his face clean.

"What a girl," Dan moaned. "Wow! What a girl."

She continued to lap up her own pussy-juices, her slithering tongue 
making his cheeks glisten with spit, while her own cheeks became rosy.

When she had lapped up the juices of her own pussy, she finished off 
the job with a long passionate kiss on his lips. An open-mouthed kiss 
that soon found her tongue probing and searching for more of her pussy-
juice. She was out of breath and panting wildly when she finally broke 
free.

"Now what would you like to do, Daddy?" Her voice broke as she spoke. 
Her tits rose and fell heavily with her hard breathing. By now, his tie 
was somewhere on the floor, and his shirt was half off. She leaned 
forward, touched her nipples to his, and slid her fingers through the 
thick black curls on his chest as she awaited his answer.

Enjoying the pleasant touch of her hot nipples and the exciting probes 
of her deft finger-tips, Dan took his time in answering. Meanwhile, his 
own fingers were still busy kneading her ass-cheeks.

Terry squirmed delightedly in his grasp. She could see the lustful 
desire in his eyes, could hear the quickening of his hot breath, could 
feel the hard cock-bulge in his pants as she pressed into him. So, when 
he finally did speak, his answer didn't surprise her at all.

"How about tit for tat, good lookin'?"

Understanding the man completely, Terry blushed as she nodded her 
consent. Her tits rocked like over-filled water balloons when she 
leaned forward and pulled his shirt off all the way. Her ass-cheeks 
jiggled in his grip when she straightened up again and unfastened his 
trousers. Working diligently, she finally got his trousers off. She 
tossed everything to the floor then reached for his shorts.

While she was working his shorts down his legs, his cock popped free.

She thought his cock was gorgeous. She had never imagined a prick could 
be so long and so fat. It was ... mouth-watering. She swallowed the 
spit that had suddenly formed in her mouth and quickly moved to discard 
his shorts.

Cock-aroma was strong in her nostrils when she finally flicked her 
tongue and plucked a drop of jizz from her father's piss-hole. She 
gulped it down, told herself it tasted fine. Then, surprising even 
herself, she opened her mouth wide, real wide, and inhaled the man's 
cock-shaft.

"Ohhh!" Dan cried, clutching two handfuls of long blonde hair. "That's 
right, baby girl, deep-throat me. Make my cock disappear."

Shivering slightly, he looked down upon her pouting mouth and clinging 
lips and encouraged her with soft moans.

Terry deep-throated his prick right away. Her cheeks bulged and her 
mouth stretched as she made his prick vanish. About the time she became 
aware of cock-hairs clogging up her nostrils, she began to feel a warm 
throbbing against the back of her throat. The throbbing grew and grew, 
as did the heat, and her mind began to swirl.

Sucking cock wasn't so bad, she told herself. She had nothing to fear. 
Especially since it was her daddy's cock.

Knowing now what she had been missing all this time and extremely sorry 
that she had missed it, Terry started working her lips up and down her 
father's thick cock-shaft, nonstop, from his balls to his cock-head to 
his balls again. She gave his cock-shaft a complete massage with her 
clinging lips and slithering tongue.

She pumped her daddy's cock greedily, working her lips with abandon. 
She stood fast while his hard, swinging nuts again and again hammered 
her chin. She didn't care that her lips were stretched tight or that 
her cheeks bulged. She felt that sucking her daddy's wonderful prick 
was worth the effort.

Bobbing her head shamelessly, Terry jolted the man's tender cock and 
made his veins swell with hot blood. As his veins swelled, his cock 
swelled. And soon she really had a mouthful. But she didn't complain, 
not at all. The extra bulk only pleased her the more.

"Ungh!" Dan groaned as he reached down and grabbed her big tits in both 
hands and flattened them. "You're driving me crazy, little girl!"

He bucked his naked ass up off the mattress and gave her another two 
inches to worry about.

His rubbery cock-head speared the back of her throat again and again, 
greasing her tonsils. She gagged on the big cock every now and then, 
and fought for her breath.

She sucked his prick faster and faster, her hot lips making his meaty 
prick-shaft steam. His shaft was never out of her slimy mouth long 
enough to cool off. It burned her gums, cooked her tongue, making her 
own blood boil, her passions rise. She couldn't get enough and shivered 
joyfully beneath the onslaught.

Flesh-slapping noises filled her bedroom as his nuts continued to 
hammer her chin.

Terry got so turned on she began playing with his nuts with one hand 
and playing with her own pussy with her other. Her deft fingers moved 
furiously along her cunt-lips, delving in and out of her pink cunt-
gash. Her pussy got hot, wet, began to itch. She started moaning, and 
soon both their passionate cries could be heard throughout the bedroom.

Terry gave his cock a few more lip strokes then let it pop out of her 
mouth. She hated to do that, but she was at the mercy of a certain itch 
in her cunt. A deep, longing itch. An itch she had last experienced 
when she was a child sitting in her father's lap. Now the itch was 
back, driving her, demanding that she plug up her pussy-hole with this 
big fat prick in front of her.

"What happened to my blow-job, little girl? You were doing so well." 
Dan stroked her big tits imploringly and tried to shove his cock back 
into her dripping mouth.

"Your cock tasted good, Daddy. I had fun sucking it." She avoided his 
jutting prick and looked up into his eyes. A spit/jizz mixture 
glistened on her cheeks and chin. "But I have something better to offer 
you. And I can guarantee you a tight fit."

He understood what she meant. "Terry, are you sure you want to go that 
far? That is, with your own father? There are plenty of boys in this 
neighborhood who'd be thrilled to pop your cherry. Why not give one or 
two of them a try."

"Because I want you, Daddy. You, Daddy. No one else. I want you to be 
the very first. And I am not about to spread my legs for anyone until 
after I have spread them for you."

"Well," Dan said, squeezing her tits, "I suppose I had better. I 
wouldn't want to be responsible for my daughter becoming an old maid 
and dying with her cherry still intact."

"Oh, goodie, Daddy! I can't wait!"

Bubbling with enthusiasm, Terry pushed her father onto his back and 
then straddled his hips by placing a knee on either side of them.

Terry leaned forward and ran her fingers through his dark chest hairs 
as she lowered her steaming little pussy down upon his rigid prick. At 
first contact she squealed and jumped, but then she settled down and 
slowly swallowed his big cock an inch at a time.

She was right; it was a tighter fit.

"Oh, Daddy! I can feel my cherry bursting! It hurts!" She kept pushing, 
her face twisted in a sort of blissful agony.

"Everything will be all right," he said, circling his arms around her 
ass. "You'll soon be feeling really good. Damn good. Just bear the pain 
a little longer." He clutched her ass and then bucked up into her. 
Once. Twice. Three times. With her cries loud in his ears, he buried 
his cock balls-deep inside her fuck-hole.

"Ohhh!" Terry moaned, her thighs spread wide. "I can't believe what you 
just did. It was wonderful, even though it did hurt a bit."

"The pain won't last long, Terry. I promise you."

"I don't care about the pain, I'm just glad I'm not a virgin, anymore. 
And your balls are like hot coals against my cunt-lips. Mmmmmm, am I 
roasting."

"Just hang on, sweetie, and I'll take you for a ride."

Dan pumped his cock upwards, and she pumped right back. They fucked in 
unison, and soon her breath left her again. She gasped excitedly when 
his cock-head speared first one side of her pussy and then the other, 
jolting her tender fuck-meat.

"Eeeee!" she cried aloud. "I love it! I love it!"

Dan held her tight, keeping her firmly on his cock in spite of their 
passionate pumping. Terry felt secure in his grip and did not mind the 
coarse hairs that scratched her inner thighs and her ass-cheeks. Hell, 
the scratching was just that much more bliss as far as she was 
concerned.

Dan fucked her well, spearing her pussy-walls repeatedly. With his 
cock-head, he explored the deepest regions of her cunt, jolting her 
mercilessly. His hard thrusts made her gasp and tremble, and made her 
tits and ass shake.

Dan's hard thrusts also churned her pussy-juices. Terry could hear the 
squashing noises inside her cunt almost as clearly as she could hear 
the flesh-slapping noises beneath her. The sounds made her feel 
naughty.

Her father's thick prick spread her cunt-lips wider and wider. That 
wasn't enough for her, though; she wanted to be split open down the 
middle; she wanted to make up, in a few minutes, all the years she had 
gone without a cock.

"Stay in the saddle, baby, stay in the saddle," Dan said as he did his 
best to satisfy his horny kid.

Terry trembled and panted and screamed repeatedly. His cock was 
drilling her pussy hard. Each thrust hit the target. Her tender pussy-
walls. Her pussy got wetter. The squashing noises increased. So did the 
flesh-slapping noises. She shook her head and bit her lower lip as she 
grew fuck crazy.

"Oh, shit!" she cried, rolling her eyes. "Fuck me, Daddy, fuck me. 
Teach me everything you know." With fuck sounds filling the air Terry 
fought hard to stay in his lap, to keep his big fat prick deeply buried 
in her tight cunt.

Hairy thighs scratched her ass as she bounced.

Hot breath caressed her face and tits and kept her on the verge of 
swooning. Sharp nails bit into her ass in an effort to control her wild 
bouncing. She shivered and whimpered helplessly under the onslaught of 
these wild sensations.

So many sensations ran through her body, too many to count, almost too 
many to bear. Tremendous heat scorched her pussy-hole. Electrical 
shocks raced through her ass and inner thighs. Delightful jolts rocked 
her cunt-lips. More jolts of joy swept through her bouncing tits.

"Aagh!" she cried, through quivering lips. "I'm almost there, Daddy. 
You're making me come again." Her flesh shook in rhythm to his hard 
thrusts.

Dan, sweating profusely and gasping for air, kept humping. His rolling 
eyes focused on nothing in particular. His hands continued to clutch 
her shapely ass. Terry saw the straining muscles, felt the desperate 
lunges, and guessed that he too was nearing an orgasm.

"Do it, Daddy!" she cried, her voice shaky. "Make us both come!"

She tightened her cunt and tried to tear his prick from his body.

Bouncing furiously in his lap, Terry gobbled at his cock again and 
again, her tightly clinging cunt yanking the fat prick about. She 
wanted every inch. She needed every inch. She was determined to get 
every inch.

"Oh, yes!" she cried, her tits and ass shaking like jelly. "Yes! I can 
feel it happening! I can! I can! Oh, I'm coming!"

"Me too!" Dan howled. "I'm coming too!"

He bucked up hard and drove every one of his twelve inches of cock-meat 
up into her spasming fuck-hole. He wasn't satisfied until his nuts were 
pinned tight against her cunt-lips. Then he blew his wad.

Spasms swept through Terry's naked body. She rolled her eyes 
helplessly. But she still managed to hold on as her pussy-juices 
drowned her daddy's big cock.

After her father did his best to drown her cunt. His jizz spurted deep 
to blast her tender fuck-meat. Gobs and gobs of jizz spewed forth, 
filling her gaping fuck-hole. She cried out, clawed at his chest, and 
pumped her cunt in an effort to keep the creamy jizz from oozing back 
out of her pussy.

"Ungh!" she grunted, still slithering about in his wet lap. "So fucking 
good. So mother-fucking good." She smiled warmly at him through 
quivering lips.

Dan slipped his forefinger up her ass. "No doubt about it, your cherry 
is long gone now. You're free to fuck whomever you want."

He pumped her slowly now, draining his dick into her cunt-hole.

"Yes, I know," she said dreamily. "Isn't it great. And I'm not the 
least bit frightened. From now on, it'll be the boys who are 
frightened. This girl is going to have some fucking fun."

She helped drain his cock by milking the fucker with her sucking cunt-
lips. Soft sucking sounds and gentle sighs filled her bedroom. When his 
prick finally went limp, she collapsed on top of him, her tits 
flattening beneath her.



Chapter 5


"Teddy, how old do you have to be to fuck?"

"I don't know, Kim, but Mom and Dad aren't so old, and we've seen them 
fuck before."

"Yes, but we're still quite young. Do you think that we're old enough 
to fuck? Do you, Teddy?"

"I don't know, maybe."

"I hope so, because I feel like fucking someone tonight."

Tucked in her bed in the room she shared with her brother, Kim lay 
listening to the howling wind and the beating rain outside her window. 
Every time lightning flashed or thunder erupted she'd pull the blankets 
up over her head and grab hold of her tits for comfort. Teddy, lying in 
the bed beside hers, only laughed and teased her for being a sissy.

Kim paid him no mind. As far back as she could remember, late-night 
thunderstorms had made her want to curl up beneath the blankets and 
play with herself. When younger, she would cup her pussy in both hands 
and squeeze her pussy-lips tight; but lately, with the blossoming of 
her tits, she found she could get almost as much pleasure by squeezing 
them.

Tonight, however, she found little pleasure in squeezing her tits or 
her cunt. She remained horny and anxious.

The naughty neighbors downstairs also had contributed to her horny 
state of mind, she believed. Several had pinched her tits and her ass 
as she walked by them in her nightie. One, with the smell of whiskey on 
his breath, had pressed against her in the doorway and forced his cock-
bulge into her ass-crack. She easily escaped him but not until after he 
had gotten his kicks--and she had gotten hers. Thinking about the 
incident now made her smile.

"Who are you going to fuck?" Teddy asked.

"The best-looking hunk I can find down stairs."

"You mean, you're going to fuck one of the grownups at the party?"

"One or two."

"Are you crazy?" Teddy sat up in his bed and looked to the other bed, 
at Kim.

"No, I'm not crazy. There are some handsome men downstairs. And most of 
them seem to be well hung. Believe me, I know." She reached down and 
rubbed her ass, remembering.

"But they're grownups! They won't want you."

"That's what you think. I saw the lust in those men's eyes when I 
walked past them in my nightie. And I've still got the bruises on my 
tits and ass to prove that they were interested in more than just the 
weather. One squeezed my tits so hard my nipples swelled up. It felt 
great."

"Even so," Teddy said, "none of them will risk fucking you with Mom and 
Dad around and with so many of the other neighbors nearby."

"How do you know?"

"Believe me, Kim, no one will be stupid enough to fuck the hosts' young 
daughter when the chances of getting caught are so great."

"Then I'll just make sure I'm not the hosts' daughter when I fuck him."

"What do you mean? How can you not be their daughter?"

"By pretending to be someone else, stupid."

"Who will you be?"

"It doesn't matter. I'll simply disguise myself so I won't look like 
me. Then I'll go down to the party and have a good time like everyone 
else. I should get away with it, everyone says that I have big tits."

As she spoke, she lifted her nightie and showed her jutting pink tits 
to her brother as if to prove that she wasn't lying.

"But even if you could fool them, what good would it do? You're still a 
virgin, you don't know anything about fucking."

"What's to know? I'll just wriggle my nice ass and jut out my big tits, 
and they'll do the rest. Shit, it oughta be fun. Now, are you going to 
help me with my disguise, or are you going to lie there and complain 
all night?"

"I'll help you, Sis."

Twenty minutes later Kim was standing in the doorway of the living 
room, gazing down upon her neighbors, who were sitting and standing 
around with drinks in their hands. She didn't have to worry about being 
recognized, for her brother and she had seen to that. She felt safe in 
her disguise, even from her own parents.

Upon her head she wore her mother's wig; so she was no longer a blonde, 
but a brunette with short wavy hair. Her face now glowed with just the 
night amount of lipstick, powder, and mascara to give her an entirely 
different look. She wore one of her mother's new dresses. It sported a 
shockingly low neckline, and its sheer pink fabric had frightened her 
when she first looked it herself in the mirror and saw her naked tits 
and black panties showing through. But she had shrugged off the fear 
and now felt wonderfully wicked in her new attire. Her mother's black 
stockings and heels completed the outfit.

And luckily Kim had a firm ass! Someone just pinched her!

She turned around with a start, then got the shock of her life when she 
saw that it was not a man but a woman who had sampled her goodies. 
What's more, the woman was known to Kim. She was a librarian who lived 
with another woman in the big house on the corner. There was no 
mistaking her, what with those thick glasses and that broad-shouldered 
suit she always wore. That attire, Kim thought, definitely put to waste 
the woman's pretty face and shapely body.

"I beg your pardon," Kim said. "But that's my ass you're pinching."

"And a rather nice ass it is, young lady. Here, have a drink." The 
woman offered Kim a glass of wine.

Young lady! Have a drink! Kim thought as she accepted the offering. 
Wow, this disguise is working!

"My name's Laura, and I couldn't help but notice how alone you were. 
Would you like to join my friend and I for some delightful 
conversation?" Laura pointed toward the near corner, where a tall, thin 
woman stood. The woman waved back and winked at Kim.

Kim recognized the other woman as Laura's housemate. She smiled 
politely but had no intention of winding up in bed with a couple of 
dykes.

"I'm sorry, but I'm with someone," she lied. "And there he is, I must 
go to him. If you'll excuse me."

Holding onto the drink, Kim turned to escape.

"What a pity," Laura said. "You don't know what you're going to miss."

Sipping the wine, Kim left the librarian and crossed the living-room 
floor. But she couldn't pass the refreshment table without stopping to 
sample the hors d'oeuvres.

It was while she was reaching for a slice of cheese that someone's 
cock-bulge dug into her ass. The sudden impact nearly sent her flying 
across the table, but she pressed back into him and righted herself 
just in time. Then, red-faced, she turned around to see who in the hell 
was being so fresh--not that she minded any, but she was curious.

Uncle Jack!

"Excuse me, I didn't mean to startle you. I was just trying to squeeze 
by your--"

"My ass." Kim hoped her voice didn't give her away.

"Er, yes, that's right," he said, smiling. "And it is a nice one."

"So I've been told," Kim said, flirting. She was glad to see that Uncle 
Jack didn't recognize her. He looked good in his jacket and tie. And in 
his tight pants. But then, Uncle Jack had always looked good to her.

She had fond memories of her uncle. When she was little, she developed 
an intense crush on him, a crush that had her following him around the 
house whenever he visited. She would steal kisses and climb into his 
lap whenever possible. But mostly she just wanted to gaze upon him.

Later, her interest turned more towards his lap. She'd wait until he 
was alone; then she'd climb right up, lean back into him, and begin 
wriggling her ass. She could still remember how wonderful his cock-
bulge felt against her ass-cheeks, and how great his hands felt beneath 
her dress. Looking back, though, she felt he should have discouraged 
her from being so naughty.

Rather, he only encouraged her the more. By the time her titties had 
blossomed, Uncle Jack was constantly coming over to the house, bringing 
her gifts, about which she had to promise not to tell anyone. Usually 
he'd arrive moments after she had gotten home from school, while her 
parents were still at work. Since her older brother and sister were 
away at college, her uncle only had to send Teddy to the store for some 
ice-cream in order to be alone with her. And he did just that on many 
occasions.

And when he was finally alone with her, he'd take her up to her bedroom 
and present her with her gift, which was usually a pair of tiny panties 
or a flimsy bra designed for an adult. Then he'd sit on the bed and 
watch while she tried on the garment in front of him. Often, he would 
assist her, allowing his fingers to constantly brush against her bare 
flesh.

She found his gifts and his attention extremely stimulating. They made 
her feel grownup, mature. She believed her uncle thought of her as an 
adult; otherwise, he wouldn't have brought her such gifts. She was very 
happy, at the time, that her uncle thought so much of her.

The gifts continued for many weeks, so did the touching and feeling. 
Then Uncle Jack's new job took him to another city and left her with 
only fond memories. But now, a year later, he was back in town for the 
holidays, and her love for him was the same.

Because the house had been astir the last couple of days with holiday 
visitors, Kim had not had a chance to be alone with her uncle. Their 
reunion had consisted only of a mild hug. But he had winked at her to 
show that he still remembered the good times they had, and that had 
been enough for her.

But was that enough now?

"My name is Jack, Jack Thomas. What's yours?" He flashed pearly white 
teeth, and Kim struggled not to blush.

She also struggled to think of a name. "Er, ah, Becky. Yes, my name's 
Becky."

He really doesn't recognize me! That thought gave her mixed feelings, 
for in reality Uncle Jack wasn't coming on to Kim but to a strange 
girl. Kim wondered if she should be jealous, angry even--or should she 
be thankful to have her uncle any way she could get him.

She also thought of revealing her real identity to him; but she nixed 
that idea when she realized that he might not be interested in screwing 
around with his own niece in such crowded quarters where, as her 
brother had pointed out, the chances of getting caught were so great.

In fact, Kim herself wasn't so hot about getting caught fucking her 
uncle. No, better to remain unknown to everyone, she decided. That way, 
even if she did get caught doing something naughty, no one would give a 
damn, this being such a wild party, after all.

"Well, Becky, you seem bored. I know I am. Why don't the two of us go 
back to my motel room and see if we can find something exciting to do?"

"I'm sorry, but I really don't want to leave the party," Kim told him. 
Then, with a sexy smile, she said, "But there must be some empty rooms 
upstairs. Shall we go look?"

"Good enough. You're my kind of girl, Becky. You don't play games with 
a guy. You know just what you want."

"I sure do."

Kim let her uncle guide her upstairs to an empty guest room. Though 
confident in her disguise, she still looked about nervously as she 
walked, hoping not to run into her parents.

When they had closed the door behind them, Kim breathed a sigh of 
relief. She couldn't believe her good fortune. She had not only gotten 
herself a man, but the one man whom she truly loved. And there was no 
one around to interfere.

"You're young and beautiful, just the way I like them," he said as he 
began to shed his clothes. "I can't wait to get inside those panties."

He was staring right through her dress. His intense gaze was like fire 
on her flesh.

Kim stood still as a statue, while her uncle gradually showed her more 
and more of his hard body. He had never before exposed himself to her, 
but she was glad that he was now doing so. She looked on in awe, now 
conscious of a slight trembling in her limbs.

"Aren't you going to join me?" he asked when he was down to his shorts 
and socks. "It takes two to tango, baby."

Kim nodded. She had thought she'd be much braver, but her inexperience 
was beginning to show, and she wasn't sure if she could go through with 
fucking her uncle. She reached up with trembling fingers and fumbled 
with the zipper of her dress.

"What's the matter, Kim, are you getting cold feet?" He stepped up to 
her, his cock bulging in his shorts.

"Why, no, I--" She lifted her head, her eyes widened, her hand went to 
her mouth. "Uncle Jack! You know?"

"I knew who you were when I first laid eyes on you. You may have fooled 
the others, but did you really think you could fool your Uncle Jack, 
little girl?"

"I--I didn't want to fool you. But I was afraid you'd turn me down if 
you knew who I was."

"Turn down the one girl I've been aching to fuck for the last twelve 
months! Nonsense! I just haven't had a chance to be alone with you, 
that's all. But now, here we are."

"And I'm so glad, Uncle Jack. I've grown a lot in the past year. My 
tits are bigger, and my pussy is hairier. We don't have to just touch 
and feel, anymore, I'm old enough to fuck now."

"Yes, I see you are. And I'm just the man to fuck you. I hope you're 
still a virgin."

"Oh, I am. I am. And I want you to be the first, Uncle. I've been 
dreaming of this moment for a long time, and now it's actually 
happening. I can't wait to get started."

"Then stop trembling and get outa that fucking dress." His hard-on 
bulging, he smiled down at her, waiting.

Kim blushed as she excitedly unzipped her dress and let it fall to her 
ankles. Then she slipped off her heels, stepped out of her crumpled 
dress, and removed her panties. Her stockings stayed on.

"Well, Uncle, how do you like my body?" She lifted her tits and slapped 
her ass as she showed off her young curves.

"Real nice, little girl. Now, take a look at something you've never 
seen before." He stripped off his shorts then cupped his own balls so 
she could see his prick at full erection.

"Wow!" she said. The prick put her brother's prick to shame. Her eyes 
widened as she beheld the big fucker. She stared long and hard, as if 
unable to take her eyes off his cock.

"Well," he finally said, grinning, "are you going to look at it all 
night, or are you going to suck it?"

She had never sucked a cock in her life, but she figured now was as 
good a time as any to start. She got down on her knees before him and, 
with a flick of her tongue, plucked a drop of jizz from his fat cock-
head. The taste wasn't bad, she decided. In fact, she rather enjoyed 
it. She lapped up another drop and gulped it down too.

"How does my cock taste, little girl?"

Nodding her approval of its taste, Kim opened her mouth and wrapped her 
lips around her uncle's prick. The man grunted and yelped, teetered 
dangerously, then finally relaxed as he grew used to the blonde's hot 
lips and even hotter breath.

Kim rubbed her uncle's nuts with one hand as she deep-throated his big 
prick. Wiry hairs caressed her palm, while the fat cock-shaft stretched 
her cheeks and lips. But she kept inhaling, until soon she found 
herself with a swollen cock-head throbbing against the back of her 
throat.

"Mmmfff!" she said, gagging.

To keep from choking to death, Kim started working her lips up and down 
her uncle's cock-shaft, from his hairy balls to his rubbery cock-head 
and back again. She used her clinging lips and slithering tongue to 
massage every inch of the man's prick-shaft. A strong meaty flavor 
tantalized her tastebuds, while an even more powerful odor burned her 
nostrils. But Kim kept sucking.

She pumped her uncle's cock greedily. Her cheeks bulged, and bulged 
again. Cock-hairs tickled her nose. Hairy nuts hammered her chin. Spit 
dribbled down her chin.

She bobbed her head repeatedly. With clinging lips, she jolted the 
man's tender cock and made his prick swell up even more. The corners of 
her mouth began to ache. But Kim was enjoying herself.

She sucked harder. Her uncle's cock-head speared the back of her throat 
again and again. Every once in a while the bulb drilled her cheeks and 
stretched them outwards. She coughed and gagged on the big cock more 
that once. But that never bothered her. She only wanted to please Uncle 
Jack.

"Ohhh!" he groaned, shaking his head and guiding hers. "Is this really 
your first blow-job? Damn!"

Kim sucked the fucker in and out of her mouth as fast as she could, 
never giving the cock time to cool off--or dry off. Heavy nuts 
continued to hammer her chin. More cock-hairs scratched her lips. She 
was so excited shivers ran up and down her spine.

She listened to the greedy sucking sounds she was making and found them 
both naughty and cunt stirring. In fact, her cunt got so stirred up it 
began to itch. An intense longing itch that emanated from deep within 
her fuck-hole. An itch that cried out for relief.

Kim's pussy-itch increased with every suck. Though she pumped her cunt 
furiously, she just couldn't rid herself of it, couldn't bring herself 
off. She only grew hornier.

No, a cock was what Kim needed, what she had to have. Only a big cock 
could fill her hungry fuck-hole and scratch that damned persistent itch 
of hers.

She kept sucking her uncle's cock, hoping to take her mind off the 
intense craving in her cunt. She tasted his cock again and again, the 
whole shaft. She stroked it hotly with her clinging lips and kept it 
hard. She covered the prick with her spit and kept it well greased, 
easy to suck. The prick throbbed against the roof of her mouth and 
radiated so much heat that she soon found herself moaning and groaning 
deliriously.

"You sweet-sucking little bitch," Uncle Jack said, in a broken voice. 
"You've gone mad. Cock mad. I knew you were old enough. I just knew it. 
And now you want me to fuck you, I can tell."

Kim couldn't hide her desires from her uncle any better than she had 
hid her identity. The man was too smart, too experienced. No, there was 
no fooling Uncle Jack, nor did Kim care to.

"That's right, Uncle Jack," Kim said, lifting her head. "I want you to 
fuck me. My pussy is on fire. I'm horny as shit."

"Then take off that wig and get your pretty little ass in that bed ... 
hurry up, sweet-cakes."

Kim pulled the wig off and then shook her golden hair free. The 
bedsprings creaked and the mattress sagged when she crawled between the 
sheets and rolled over onto her back. She was all smiles.

Uncle Jack was right behind her. He stretched out between her open 
thighs, seized her rounded hips, and drove his big prick up into her 
fuck-hole.

"Aagh!" Kim moaned, gritting her teeth in pain. "My cherry hurts 
something awful, but don't stop, Uncle. Give it to me all the way. Let 
me feel that big cock deep."

Kim spread her thighs wider and braced herself for her first fuck.

Uncle Jack obviously believed that a ripe cherry should be popped as 
quickly as possible. His first lunge split her cunt-lips apart and 
filled her fuck-hole halfway. His second lunge stuffed her pussy some 
more and made her cry out again. His final lunge drove his prick balls-
deep into her fuck-hole, made her scream aloud, and sent a violent 
shudder throughout her body. Kim thought she was dying.

Hairy nuts scorched her widely stretched cunt-lips. A hot cock throbbed 
violently against her tender pussy-walls. Strong hands and powerful 
thighs kept her pinned tight to the mattress, a prisoner to her girl-
fucking uncle.

"Ahhhh!" she cried, repeatedly. "That's some cock you have! But don't 
worry, Uncle, I'm old enough to handle it."

With a thin trickle of virgin blood oozing down her inner thighs, Kim 
bucked her pussy up into her lunging uncle, and was immediately 
rewarded as blissful heat waves rocked her senses. Uncle Jack was some 
stud, she quickly found out. He gave her all she could take and then 
some.

The man humped her furiously; his thrusts took away her breath. He 
drove his cock-head into first one side of her pussy and then the 
other, jolting her tender fuck-meat. He fucked her deep and shallow, 
pummeling her young pussy with his hard prick.

"Aagh!" Kim cried again, biting her lower lip. "I love it! I love it! 
Fuck me deeper, Uncle!"

She circled her long legs around his back and wrapped her arms around 
his neck.

Uncle Jack clutched her ass-cheeks and kept her pinned tight to his 
prick. Her pussy-hole was at his mercy, his to fuck at will. And he 
fucked her hard and well, spearing her cunt-walls repeatedly, while 
hammering her cunt-lips with his hairy balls.

He delved deeply into her pussy-hole, wrecking her nerves. His hard 
thrusts churned her pussy-juices into a creamy froth that quickly 
painted his cock white. She listened to the lewd squashing noises 
emanating from her cunt and made up her mind to make his prick even 
wetter.

Lightning bolts of pain/pleasure rifled through her pussy. She trembled 
and panted and screamed aloud from beneath her humping uncle. His 
strength surprised her, frightened her even.

His cock reached deep to drill her sopping pussy. Each thrust shook her 
from head to toe. The squashing noises in her cunt grew loud as did the 
flesh-slapping noises between her thighs. Soon the bedroom was filled 
with fuck noises and heavy breathing.

"Ungh!" she grunted, shaking her head. "Oh, what a cock! What a cock! 
I'm going crazy!" She watched his hairy ass rise and fall between her 
open thighs.

Uncle Jack's cock-hair scratched her inner thighs. His sweaty chest 
hairs tortured her flattened tits. His hot breath sent shivers up her 
spine. She welcomed it all, loving the wild sensations, finding them 
stimulating, and admitting to herself that all this was much better 
than playing with herself.

More loving sensations filled her fuck-hole. Intense heat blasted her 
without mercy. The wonderful pleasures were becoming unbearable to her, 
were driving her toward an explosive climax.

"Aagh!" she cried, her pussy boiling, ready to blow. "I'm almost there! 
It won't be long now!"

Uncle Jack's hard humping rocked his niece's body up and down. He 
panted heavily while he fucked her, beads of sweat forming on his 
forehead. He strained hard to keep his cock deep inside her pussy, so 
hard that his muscles bulged and quivered. Kim loved his enthusiasm and 
was determined to bring him off too.

She began thrusting her pussy up to him, meeting his every thrust. They 
both moaned and groaned, both trembled violently. Then they both came.

"Aagh!" Kim cried. "I'm coming, Uncle, I'm coming!"

Kim spasmed hard as she climaxed beneath her still-humping uncle. Her 
eyes rolled wildly. Her lips quivered. Her whole body shook. Then she 
blew her fuck-juices all over her uncle's cock and balls.

Uncle Jack paid her back. He blew his wad deep inside her fuck-hole and 
filled her with his jizz. Kim trembled again when she felt his burning 
cum, and screamed loudly. Then she started pumping her cunt against his 
spurting cock in an effort to ease the sting of his hot jizz.

"Ohhh!" she moaned, shaking her head joyfully. "I can't believe I 
finally got laid. And by my big-cocked uncle, of all people. Boy, my 
pussy must be stretched out of shape by now."

Kim kept pumping her cunt, and her uncle kept humping. Hot jizz began 
to ooze from her cunt and run down her thighs. Spit ran down her chin. 
Spasms repeatedly rocked her naked body. With her climax gradually 
running its course, her longing itch was gone, and she couldn't have 
been happier.

Kim milked her uncle's cock dry, just as he had asked. Then she 
collapsed beneath him and pressed her cheek against his. She knew she 
would have to be running along soon, for her mother might decide to 
make another bed check. But she wanted these last few seconds to be 
special, so she clung tightly to her uncle.

"Young girls really turn you on, don't they, Uncle Jack?"

"They sure do, Kim. You, most of all." He hugged her tightly.



Chapter 6


"Teddy, why isn't your sister in bed? Where is she?" Aunt Sue stood in 
the doorway of the twins' bedroom, peeking inside. "Your mother asked 
me to look in on the two of you, and I don't like what I see. Now where 
is she?"

Aunt Sue entered, closing the door behind her. She strode over to 
Teddy's bed and turned on the table lamp, again demanding an answer.

"She--she went to the bathroom," he said, sitting up in bed.

"You're lying. She went down to the party, didn't she? The little tart, 
she just wants to show off her big tits to all those nasty men. Oh, 
when I get my hands on her."

"Are you going to spank Kim, Aunt Sue? If you are, may I watch? I love 
to look at her ass."

"Don't talk dirty, young man! Honestly, you kids are something else."

"Aunt Sue," Teddy asked, "why do boys have to wait until they are grown 
before they can start fucking, while girls can start fucking any time 
they want?"

"What are you talking about, Teddy?" Aunt Sue was so startled by his 
question that she forgot her anger.

"Well, when Kim and I were downstairs, she had all the men staring and 
trying to cop feels. But whenever I tried to get it on with a woman, 
the woman would just laugh and tell me that I wasn't old enough. It 
just didn't seem fair."

Aunt Sue sat down on the edge of his bed.

"Don't worry about it, Teddy, your sister is a show-off, and those men 
down there are just dirty beasts interested only in tits and asses."

"But I'm interested in tits and asses too, Aunt Sue. Does that make me 
a dirty beast?"

"Of course not, you're a darling young boy. And believe it or not, some 
women prefer young boys to grown men." She reached out and stroked his 
blond hair.

"Is that right?" Teddy asked, excited. "I wish I knew such a woman. I'm 
so horny now I can't keep my cock down. See?"

He innocently threw back the blankets and showed her his cock-bulge.

If he had been a man, she would have run from the room at once; but he 
being only a young boy, she felt no fear, only a keen interest in his 
youthful prick, which now stretched his pajama bottoms upward, tent-
like. She looked long and hard at his stiff prick-bulge, all the time 
licking her lips and rubbing her thighs together. Finally, she worked 
up enough courage to reach down and pull his prick out of his pajamas.

Hot to the touch, the fucker reached high enough to give her the 
shivers. She had never seen such a large cock on a young boy. She had 
to keep reminding herself that he was only young and far from 
dangerous.

"My, Teddy, you do have a stiff problem, don't you? Would you like Aunt 
Sue to take care of it for you? I'm pretty good with young boys with 
your problem."

"I wish someone would take care of it," he said. "I'm tired of beating 
off."

Smiling warmly, Aunt Sue bent over and wrapped her lips around her 
nephew's stiff prick. Starting with his bulb, she worked her lips 
downward, grunting and straining until her mouth was full and the fat 
bulb was throbbing against the back of her throat. Then she let his 
prick rest for a while so she could catch her breath, but her lips kept 
the fucker hot and hard.

After brushing her hair out of her way, Aunt Sue began sucking on 
Teddy's cock. Her head bobbed up and down, slowly and steadily. His big 
prick slipped in and out of her mouth like a tasty sucker. His cock-
hairs, though sparse, repeatedly delved into her nostrils and tickled 
her nose. His greasy cock-head again and again scraped against the roof 
of her mouth and oiled it well. She shivered and gasped as one blissful 
wave after another rocked her senses.

Sue continued to suck Teddy's big prick in and out of her mouth. She 
made the fucker disappear again and again. And while she sucked, jizz 
trickled down her throat, and sucking sounds reached her ears. She 
closed her eyes to better enjoy these many wonderful sensations.

Teddy watched his cock disappear, reappear, and disappear again. 
Blissful heat raced through his loins and made him moan and groan. Sue 
could see that she was really turning the kid on; and to keep him 
turned on, she sucked faster until gobs of spit were running down his 
cock-shaft to his nuts.

"Wow! That feels good, Aunt Sue! Keep sucking like that!" He stroked 
her brown hair as she sucked him off.

As Aunt Sue moved her lips up and down Teddy's long, greasy cock-shaft, 
the fucker caressed her tongue and her tonsils. And so pleasing was the 
taste that she was severely tempted to sink her teeth into the rubbery 
cock-meat. That would really give this kid something to scream about, 
she told herself.

Thin cock-hairs scratched her nose and lips. Two hard nuts hammered her 
chin noisily. Pleased with herself, she kept sucking her nephew's prick 
in and out of her mouth.

And while Teddy's prick was sliding up and down her throat, he reached 
up and slipped two fingers inside her blouse, guiding them to a jutting 
tit. He traced designs on the flesh-mound, while Aunt Sue shivered at 
his touch. Soon her tit hardened.

"Your tits are so beautiful, Auntie. I could play with them forever." 
He kept fondling her tits, one at a time.

Sue kept sucking. She gobbled hungrily on Teddy's big prick, gagging 
each time his heavy cock-head slipped down her throat. She also started 
playing with the boy's nuts, using her fingers to massage the meaty 
balls. She soon had the kid bouncing on the mattress.

"Oh, Auntie, I've waited all my life for this blow-job. I want you to 
suck my cock as well as you can." He reached down and guided her 
bobbing head.

Aunt Sue sucked steadily, her clinging lips massaging every inch of the 
kid's prick-shaft, sliding over the many bulges and swollen veins. She 
sucked up jizz and replaced it with her spit. And for her reward the 
prick swelled up even more and stretched her cheeks wide. Then the cock 
began throbbing dangerously.

Not wanting his prick to erupt too soon, Aunt Sue spat it out and 
lifted her head. Her face glistened with spit and jizz, and her tits 
heaved with her hard breathing. Her hair was in disarray, and her lips 
were trembling. In turning on her nephew, she had turned on herself.

"What's up, Auntie? Why did you stop sucking? Can't you see how stiff 
my cock is? Can't you see how horny I am?"

"Be patient, Teddy. You'll soon have more of me than you can handle."

Looking around the room to make sure they were still alone, Aunt Sue 
unfastened her blouse and slipped out of it, then removed her skirt, 
heels, and undies. She stood before her nephew completely naked and 
watched his eyes grow as big as saucers.

With a naughty laugh, Aunt Sue began rubbing her cunt with one hand and 
rubbing her round tits with the other. She gave the kid a free peep 
show, while her eyes were fixed on his stiff cock. In a short time she 
was sweaty and trembling, and her cunt was throbbing hotly.

"Come, Teddy," she said as she sat down on the edge of his bed, "kneel 
on the floor between my legs and take a closer look at my pussy. You 
may even find it sweet enough to eat."

Teddy, with wide eyes and shaky legs, did as she asked and immediately 
reached his head in between her open thighs. She caressed his blond 
hair while he gathered in her hot pussy-aroma.

His breath caressed her inner thighs and cunt-lips and had no trouble 
penetrating her cunt-crack. Suddenly, a violent shiver raced up her 
spine and nearly knocked her right off the bed.

"Agh!" she groaned, using her nephew's head for support. "Careful, boy, 
careful." She wriggled her ass until her perch was secure again. Then 
she spread her thighs even wider.

Aunt Sue threw back her head as moans and gasps escaped her smiling 
mouth. More shivers shot up and down her thighs and back. She listened 
happily to her nephew's sniffs and snorts, glad that he wasn't afraid 
of her pussy.

The boy's nose moved up and down her cunt-lips as he inhaled deeply. 
His enthusiasm soared by the minute. Soon his lips were brushing 
against her smooth flesh.

Aunt Sue's pussy throbbed even more, and her flesh crawled as the 
torture mounted.

"Mmmmm!" She started bouncing on the bed with wild abandon. The air 
filled with the sounds of creaking bedsprings.

Now aroused by pussy odor, Teddy seemed less inhibited. Moaning 
excitedly, he reached out his tongue and snaked it through his aunt's 
brown cunt-bush.

"Eeeeee!" she squealed, nearly falling. She held onto the bed with both 
hands and braced herself for a good time.

The kid licked her cunt-bush with long thorough strokes, his tongue 
soaking her cunt-hairs with spit and straightening out the curls. She 
shivered delightedly, loving his fat tongue and the way he used it to 
part her cunt-hairs and expose her narrow cunt-crack.

"Yes! Yes!" she cried, reaching up with one hand and rubbing her 
jutting tits. "Lick my pussy, kid. Lick it well."

Teddy, having exposed her cunt-crack, could not resist licking it too. 
It took all her strength to keep from falling off her perch as the 
boy's tongue slithered up and down her cunt-lips, following her pink 
cunt-crack. Her gash soon glistened with the boy's spit, and glowed a 
rosy red.

Teddy twisted his head this way and that in an effort to taste all of 
her cunt. In his eagerness he stretched her cunt-lips apart, forced 
them tight together, and rolled them up and down. Aunt Sue couldn't 
catch her breath.

She groaned, flattening her tits in her fists while balancing herself 
with her ass and her heels.

Teddy soon had her cunt-lips dripping with spit and throbbing hotly, 
much hotter than before. Sue wasn't sure if it was possible to feel any 
better than she did at the moment. Already spasms were rocking her 
loins.

But the kid had only just begun. He pushed his tongue inside his aunt's 
cunt-crack and forced her cunt-lips far apart. He licked her pussy raw 
and lapped up her dripping pussy-juices. His tongue slid here and there 
as he tasted her throbbing fuck-meat.

"Ohhhh!" she cried, disbelieving.

His tongue scraped the full of her cunt-crack, and soon her nerves were 
standing on end ready to explode. She squirmed dangerously on the edge 
of the bed, drooling and moaning to her heart's content.

Out of her mind with joy, Aunt Sue crawled towards the middle of the 
bed and pulled her nephew with her. For a few seconds her world was 
topsy-turvy as she lay spread on the mattress with her head on the 
pillow. She looked down between her legs at her kneeling nephew and his 
stiff prick and wondered how it would feel to be fucked by this horny 
kid.

"Do something," she said as she lay there on her back, squeezing her 
tits in her fists. "Do something."

Teddy then crawled closer and lowered his head to her cunt. Apparently, 
he wasn't through eating her.

The kid wasted no time in working his tongue back into his aunt's cunt-
crack. He plugged her up right away and started licking her cunt-meat 
hard. In no time her mind was swirling and she was floating on a cloud.

"Ungh! Ohhhh!" She shook her head deliriously and tossed her hair 
about. Her tits soon swelled up in her fists and began throbbing.

Then the kid snaked his tongue into her fuck-hole, and she nearly died.

As his tongue stretched her cunt-walls, Aunt Sue released her tits and 
grabbed hold of her ankles. Then she pulled her legs far back and gave 
her nephew all the room he needed. She couldn't remember the last time 
her pussy was so completely exposed.

The boy lapped up more cunt-juice as he worked his tongue up and down 
her cunt-tube. He punished her cunt some more and sent lightning bolts 
racing through her fuck-hole. Her moans and groans grew louder as she 
writhed on her back on the bed.

Sticky spit dribbled down her inner thighs. More spit trickled through 
her cunt-bush.

When the root of his tongue scraped against her clit, her eyes bugged 
open and she sucked in her breath sharply. Though she had experienced 
that feeling numerous times in the past, she still hadn't gotten used 
to it--and she hoped she never would.

She breathed heavily now. Her body twitched and bucked. Teddy's tongue 
was still buried inside her cunt-hole, stretching her greasy fuck-meat 
out of shape and torturing her aching clit. She could do nothing but 
brace herself for the explosion.

Suddenly, Teddy began reaming her fuck-hole, twisting his tongue around 
and around her clinging cunt-walls. He also knocked her clit to and fro 
and made the little fucker swell up and begin to throb. She soon lost 
control completely as her whole body started throbbing and spasming.

"Eeeee!" she squealed, bucking her ass up and down. "I can't take any 
more of this shit. I'm coming! I'm coming!"

She thrashed the blankets into disarray as she sprayed her cunt-juices 
in her nephew's face. But she was still begging for more when he lifted 
his head and licked his face clean.

Aunt Sue could see that her nephew had had his fill of pussy-juice. 
She, however, had not had her fill of her nephew. There was still that 
aching throb in her cunt, and she knew that only a cock could soothe 
it.

She got up on her hands and knees, looked back over her shoulder, and 
with a wriggle of her ass and a slap of her hip got her nephew's 
attention. He came up behind her at once, his cock long and hard and 
red. She started to have second thoughts, for his cock was more like a 
man's than a young boy's, and men had always frightened her. But his 
innocent face and soft body soon calmed her fears enough for her to let 
him stick it to her.

Aunt Sue shivered hard when she first felt his prick-head slam into her 
cunt-lips. The friction took away her breath and made her skin crawl. 
But she quickly regained her composure and braced herself for a hard 
fuck.

With her thighs spread wide and her back arched like a sagging bridge, 
Aunt Sue welcomed her nephew's prick into her cunt-hole.

"Ungh!" she grunted, shaking her head in disbelief. "Drive your cock 
deep, Teddy. Let me feel all of it."

The kid humped his aunt hard and drove his prick balls-deep. He kept 
humping, forcing his thick cock in and out of her wet cunt. He filled 
the air around them with wicked flesh-slurping noises as his balls 
repeatedly bounced off her wet cunt-lips.

"Ohhh!" she groaned, biting her lower lip. She dug her knees and hands 
into the soft mattress as her nephew rocked her body back and forth.

She breathed heavily, finding it difficult to get enough air. Shivers 
raced through her body. Her fuck-hole stretched and stretched as the 
kid's prick kept filling it.

Teddy was panting too. His tongue was like a sponge; it hung limply 
from his mouth and dripped hot spit onto her back. Her flesh twitched 
with each drop.

Teddy tightened his grip on her waist as his lust mounted. His smooth 
ass working back and forth in a steady rhythm, he speared her pussy 
again and again with his big cock, stretching her pussy-walls out of 
shape.

Aunt Sue gasped and whimpered beneath her humping nephew. She listened 
to the flesh-slapping noises, absorbed the pounding of his balls, the 
friction of his driving cock. It was all she could do to keep from 
being humped right into the headboard.

The friction and the pressure inside her cunt increased drastically. 
Drooling and rolling her eyes, Sue began pumping her cunt against her 
nephew's prick and returning the mind-blowing sensations.

She cried, throwing back her head. "My nephew is making me come! For 
the second time tonight! Oh, shit!" She started pushing her pussy back 
into the humping boy. "Take that, Teddy! Take that!"

She timed her thrusts perfectly.

The flesh-slapping noises increased even more. She felt his cock in the 
deepest regions of her cunt, where no cock had gone before. But she 
gave as much pleasure as she received, and her actions were enough to 
make them both come.

"Aagh!" she cried, her eyes rolling back in their sockets. "Your cum is 
burning my pussy. Eeeee!"

"And your tight cunt is burning my cock!" Teddy shouted. "Oh, wow. I 
never felt so fucking good in my life."

She bore the weight of him as best she could as he leaned into her and 
blew wad after wad of steaming jizz into her pussy-box. Then, just as 
her pussy began to overflow, her own cunt-juices erupted with a bang.

"Aagh!" she howled, crazy with passion. "I'm coming again! Yeeesss!" 
Her sweaty body jerked and bucked spasmodically.

They clung to each other for several seconds as their orgasmic spasms 
swept through them. Whimpers and sighs drifted softly through the air. 
Fuck-juices mingled, oozed, and dripped. Then they both collapsed.

"Oh, Auntie, I never had such fun. Mommy would never give me any of her 
pussy. She only likes to play with Larry. She's always looking at him 
funny, as if she can't wait to fuck him. Well, I wish the two of them 
could see me now. Boy, would they be surprised."

They sure in hell would be surprised, thought Aunt Sue. Her sister 
could have Larry. He was much too old for Sue. She liked 'em young, and 
right now she had a real young tiger on her hands, and a few more 
minutes to kill before she returned to the party ... she wondered if 
Teddy would be interested in plugging up her shit-hole as well. If not, 
she'd talk him into it.



Chapter 7


"Come with me, Son. I've got something real nice for you." Janice took 
Larry's hand and dragged him away from the tall brunette with whom he 
was talking. "And it can't wait another minute."

The big blonde had been trying to keep track of her son all evening, 
not wanting him to have any more encounters such as the one he had 
earlier with the widow from across the street. But she had found it 
impossible to host the party and spy on her son at the same time.

Every time she'd serve a drink or mingle with her guests she would lose 
sight of him and then have to worry for fear he'd fallen into the 
clutches of another horny woman. So when she found him, after a lengthy 
search, in a dark hallway with the brunette, Janice decided that enough 
was enough. She wasn't going to be worried to death, anymore. She was 
going to do what she should have done a long time ago, and she was 
going to do it right now, with the party in full swing, not after the 
party as she had planned.

"We're going to fuck, Son. And don't be surprised. I know that you've 
been dying to fuck me. Well, I want to fuck you too, Son."

"You do, Mom? Why didn't you tell me?"

"Because I didn't know how to tell you before. But now, I've got no 
choice but to come right out with it. Hell, I don't want you fucking 
any more mother substitutes. I want you to fuck the real thing--me."

"Sure thing, Mom. I can't wait to get inside your panties. Where will 
we fuck, your bed or mine?"

"Neither, your dad might catch us in the act if we go upstairs, and we 
sure as hell don't want him butting in, do we? No, we'll use the study, 
and we'll lock the door behind us."

"Whatever you say, Mom. Just lead the way."

Within minutes they had locked themselves in the study and tossed their 
clothes on top of the desk. Janice stood before her son and praised his 
young athletic body and his long fat cock. Then, reaching high, she 
stretched happily, sensuously, in the warm air and showed her son her 
many curves.

"Wow, Mom! You're the most beautiful woman I've ever seen. Can I fuck 
you right now?"

"Patience, Son, patience. I want to perform for you. Just stand there 
and watch for a while." Then, with a laugh, she threw herself to the 
floor and rolled onto her belly, with the soft carpet beneath her.

Janice writhed seductively, opening and closing her thighs again and 
again, as her passions mounted, her pussy throbbed.

Janice jutted her shapely ass upwards and showed her ass-crack to her 
son. Then she began moving her ass in circles and rubbing the plump 
mounds with both hands. She felt sexy, wonderful, as she spread her 
ass-cheeks and let her son gaze upon her shit-bung.

With her face resting upon the soft carpet and with her ass high in the 
air and spread wide, Janice next plunged her middle finger deep into 
her shit-hole. She worked her finger in and out of her asshole, with 
slow rhythmic thrusts. Her knuckles stretched her shit-bung wide, while 
her fingernail scratched her shit-hole walls. She sighed and gasped 
repeatedly as she made herself feel damned good.

Wet sucking noises emanated from her asshole. Hearing them, turned her 
on, excited her, made her want to fuck herself even harder and faster.

She moved her finger hurriedly, plunging it in all the way, withdrawing 
it halfway, and plunging it in all the way again. Her asshole squished 
louder, and heat waves shot through her shit-tunnel and made her jerk 
her ass ecstatically. She moaned and groaned as the pleasure mounted.

Janice moved her round ass this way and that--moved her finger in and 
out of her shitter. She soon realized that she was churning her shit-
juices into a soupy froth. Her ass-crack even got frothy.

Her shitter popped and squished lewdly as her plunging digit 
disappeared again and again. It seemed as if she were turning her 
asshole inside out. She wondered if Larry was getting a good look at 
her pink shitter. No doubt, he was.

She could have fucked herself all night. Warm blissful heat swept 
through her guts and made her whole body tingle. Her shit-hole throbbed 
from the intense friction, but it was a pleasant throbbing. She licked 
her lips and pumped her asshole as the warmth became overwhelming.

Yes, she could have fucked her ass all night.  But she had other things 
she wanted to do as well.

Naughty things.

Wicked things.

Things only her son and she would ever know about.

So Janice plucked out her finger and rolled over, digging her ass into 
the carpet and carelessly spreading her long legs so her son could look 
at her cunt.

"What do you think, have I got a nice pussy or what?  Are you ready to 
drive that huge cock of yours deep into my tight cunt?  Well, be 
patient, Son, and you'll get the chance."

Janice kept her thighs open as she reached up with both hands and began 
to fondle her tits.  She ran her fingers up and down the firm young 
slopes, caressing her soft tit-meat.  She pinched her cherry-like 
nipples as hard as she dared, until both tits swelled up and began to 
throb. She was already moaning by the time she squeezed both tits in 
her fists and flattened them.

Larry knelt beside her to get a closer look.

Heat waves soared through Janice's big tits and warmed her whole upper 
body. She smiled dreamily as she looked through the tangled strands of 
her hair into her son's eyes.

Her tits throbbed in her fists and burned her frail palms. She tugged 
at the twin mounds of swollen flesh and stretched them out toward her 
son's mouth. She let him have a quick lick before she began bouncing 
them up and down.

Her big tits shook and rocked heavily as she bounced them on her 
fingertips.

Her cunt was swollen and red, and its hot throbbing demanded her full 
attention. She reached down with one hand and covered her puffy cunt-
lips then began massaging the tender fuck-meat. Ripples of bliss swept 
up into her loins. She whimpered unashamedly, for the feeling was out 
of this world.

So her pussy would be in full view of her son, Janice shifted about on 
the carpet and then drew her knees back to her shoulders. Then she 
uttered a childish giggle when a warm draft kissed her inner thighs. 
But no draft could cool her pussy now.

She moved her fingers diligently, kneading her cunt-mound like a 
doughball. She pressed her cunt-lips together, spread them apart, and 
pressed them together again. She repeatedly flashed her cunt at her 
son.

Fortunately for Janice, the erotic position she was now in allowed her 
an open view of her son's huge prick. The fucker hung down, long and 
heavy, from between the boy's thighs and proved quite a temptation for 
the horny mother. She lifted her head and tried to lick the cock but 
couldn't quite reach it. So, instead, she raised her free hand and 
grabbed hold of the fucker.

Boy, what a cock!

Her son's cock, at last!

With a sly grin, Janice tightened her grip on the boy's cock and began 
to beat off the fucker. She moved her hand quickly from the boy's nuts 
to his cock-head and back to his nuts, again and again, while welcoming 
every drop of jizz that fell down onto her tits and belly. Her fist was 
nearly a blur as it raced up and down the mighty cock-shaft. She could 
see her son's cock growing and growing before her eyes.

Meanwhile, Janice writhed seductively beside the boy, her ass digging 
deeper into the thick carpet. Her cunt-lips and inner thighs now 
glistened with creamy cunt-juice. Her fuck-meat throbbed hotter than 
ever. She wanted to come as quickly as possible, and she wanted her son 
to come too, all over her belly.

To this end, Janice worked two fingers into her cunt-crack and began 
jolting her raw fuck-meat. Spasms raced through her fuck-hole and made 
her cry out. Her clit swelled up and began to throb. She bucked her ass 
repeatedly, thankful that the carpet was thick enough to protect her 
from injury.

She moaned. Spit dribbled down her chin. Her eyes rolled back in their 
sockets.

Larry lowered his head for an even closer look at his mother's hot 
pussy. And Janice continued to sweep her cock-holding fist up and down 
the boy's thick cock-shaft. She massaged his cock-meat expertly, 
covering every inch. She jolted his prick and rattled his balls in her 
determined effort to bring the boy off.

"How does it feel, Larry? Are you enjoying the hand-job?" She spoke 
excitedly, out of breath. Her son was too out of breath to even answer.

Her fingers disappeared, knuckles-deep, inside her tight pussy. Then 
she began working them around and around, frantically. So great was her 
passion that she cried out repeatedly, reared up on her heels, and 
thrust her pussy right into her son's face, as if not wanting the boy 
to miss anything.

Almost at once, his hot breath began turning her on as much as her 
deeply buried fingers. She thrust her pussy right up against his mouth 
then began twisting and turning her two sopping-wet fingers. When he 
began licking her fingers and her inner thighs and her cunt-lips, she 
thought she was going to die from an overdose of ecstasy.

Larry's tongue burned her cunt-lips, while her two fingers churned her 
cunt-juices. She rode a wave of blissful spasms. Her whole body, but 
for her shoulders and heels, was high in the air, straining and 
writhing. And like a bitch in heat, she just couldn't get fucked 
enough.

As her fingers got wetter, Janice began moving her raised hips in wider 
and wider circles, offering more and more pussy-meat to her son, until 
his lips dripped with pussy-juice. And while she did that, she 
continued to work her hand up and down the boy's big prick, jerking the 
fucker this way and that, as if trying to stretch his cock long enough 
so she could reach it with her mouth.

But Larry's prick just wouldn't stretch that far, so Janice continued 
to use her hand. She pumped her son's cock to a full erection and found 
the fucker almost too hot to handle. She also kept writhing and 
twisting and fucking herself with two fingers. And Larry licked her 
pussy whenever he could. So it was no wonder that her pussy turned red 
and began throbbing like never before.

She moaned, working two hands at once. "I'm going to come. I can feel 
it."

Her cunt-juices swirled. Soon she was shaking uncontrollably as spasms 
rolled through her body. She knew her orgasm was near.

"Yes! Yes!" she cried, shaking her head. "I'm coming! I'm coming!"

Janice's cunt spilled forth a steady stream of hot fuck-juice that 
soaked her fingers and the rest of her hand. She bucked again and 
again, groaning the whole while, and creamed her son's tongue as well. 
She stayed in the air for several seconds as orgasmic spasms swept 
through her shapely body. Then she collapsed in a sweaty heap beside 
her son.

But she was still able to pump her hand along the boy's cock-shaft. She 
worked feverishly, yanking and tugging on his big fat prick, trying to 
give the best hand-job of her life. His nuts hammered her clenched 
fist. His piss-hole oozed enough jizz to grease her fast-moving palm. 
And the heat that she felt in her hand was enough to make a lesser 
woman let go.

But Janice beat the boy's prick faster. She beat the fat prick until it 
swelled up in her fist and began to throb as she had never known a cock 
to throb. She felt an explosion building. She kept whipping his prick 
to hasten the explosion.

Larry teetered on his knees and rocked back and forth, then leaned 
forward and grabbed hold of his mother's big tits for support. 
Flattening her tits in his fists, he began quivering all over as if 
gripped by a seizure.

"What's wrong, son?" Janice asked with a smile. Her own spasms had 
passed away, and the throbbing in her pussy had somewhat subsided. But 
she was in no way completely satisfied. "Are you feeling what I was 
just feeling? I hope so because I can't wait to taste your hot jizz."

She then pulled the boy by the cock up to her face, until his knee 
touched her ear, and his cock hovered above her, just out of tongue 
reach.

Janice didn't have long to wait for her son's jizz. No sooner did she 
speak when the boy's big cock erupted and blew a thick wad of cum 
directly into her face. The blast shocked her at first. She wasn't used 
to so much cum at once. She gathered the fuck-cream with her tongue and 
gulped it down hungrily.

She kept working her hand up and down his cock-shaft, and his prick 
kept spurting. Heavy gobs of cum sprayed her eyes and nose and mouth. 
Loads more squirted into her hair. Her cheeks and forehead also got 
plastered. There was cum all over her hand, and she could feel the 
sticky goo on her tits. Overcome by the magnitude of her son's orgasm, 
Janice simply closed her eyes and milked his cock dry with her hand.

When his cock finally went limp and ceased spurting, Janice released it 
and began rubbing the cum all over her face until she was completely 
soaked. She lapped up as much as she could and swallowed it greedily. 
The rest she left on to dry, for she was not going to worry about her 
appearance at a time like this.

"Oh, Mom," Larry said, still shaking, "that was too much. Unbelievable. 
It felt nicer than most of the blow-jobs I've had."

"I'm glad you liked it, son. Now why don't you get down there and eat 
your mother's pussy like a good little boy should."

"Wow! I was hoping you'd want me to." Larry crawled between his 
mother's wide-spread thighs and lowered his head to her pussy. Then he 
reached out eagerly with his tongue and snaked it through her yellow 
cunt-bush.

"Weeeee!" she squealed, again bucking her ass up off the carpet. 
"Ooooooh!"

She grabbed his head with both hands as he licked her pussy. His long 
thorough strokes straightened out her cunt-hairs and sent shivers 
racing up her spine. She urged his fat tongue on, loving the way his 
tongue soaked her cunt-mound and jolted her senses.

"Mmmmm!" She watched her cunt-lips part and her cunt-crack widen. She 
reached up with one hand and began madly rubbing her big tits. "Reach 
for the crack, damnit, reach for my cunt-crack!"

Larry obeyed.

He pushed his tongue inside her cunt-crack and forced her cunt-lips 
even farther apart. She bucked at once then settled down and let him 
rub her pussy raw.

She heard him lapping up pussy-juice, and the lewd noises turned her 
on. She drooled and gurgled childishly. Rubbed her big tits harder. 
Bucked her ass again and again. And urged him on with loud shouts as 
his tongue slid up and down her greasy fuck-crack.

Larry kept licking, snaking his tongue along the full length of his 
mother's gaping cunt-crack. Janice couldn't keep still; her nerves were 
standing on end and ready to blow.

She moaned, rolling her eyes. "Lick me, you fucker!"

His tongue was too much for her. Just too much. No girl she knew could 
take this kind of licking. Larry's tongue put his father's tongue to 
shame. She wondered if she should let him fuck her now. She knew it was 
what he wanted.

Janice howled in shock when his tongue stabbed into her cunt and 
immediately plugged up her slimy fuck-hole.

"Bastard!"

She reached up and seized both her tits, squeezing them tight in her 
fists. Her tits throbbed in protest, but she was too crazy to care. Her 
mind twirling, her son licked her fuck-meat hard.

"Ungh!" she grunted. She almost yanked her tits right off. She cried 
out, again and again.

Then Larry speared her cunt-hole deep and she nearly died.

With his tongue jolting her tender pussy-walls, Janice released her 
throbbing tits and grabbed hold of her ankles. She pulled her legs wide 
apart and opened her cunt-crack as far as possible. Her son had plenty 
of room to lick, now.

His long red tongue slithered in and out of her cunt-hole. He tortured 
her cunt relentlessly, jarred her senses. She moaned deliriously as she 
slapped the carpet with her ass-cheeks.

His spit was on her thighs and cunt-bush, so much so that she began to 
wonder just how many people were down there eating her. She rolled her 
eyes, licked her lips, as lewd lapping noises filled her ears.

When his tongue scraped against her clit, she cried out and nearly 
brought the roof down. The lightning bolt that had shot through her 
cunt was a real mind-blower. But then bliss followed, filling her loins 
with the same wonderful feeling she had experienced many times before.

She breathed heavily now, and her shapely body spasmed. She couldn't 
even see her son's tongue, it was buried so deep. Hell, she couldn't 
even see his nose.

Then he began reaming her fuck-hole, snaking his tongue around and 
around her clinging pussy-walls. He also continued to punish her 
swollen clit, knocking it to and fro. She went wild, jerking and 
spasming all over the carpet.

"Eeeee!" she squealed. "I'm going crazy! I'm commiinngg!"

She flailed her legs all about as her orgasm swept through her. Cunt-
juice smeared Larry's face, soaking him thoroughly.

"Now we fuck," Larry said, lifting his head and wiping the cum from his 
mouth.

Together they got to their feet. Janice walked over to the heavy desk, 
reached out and grabbed hold of the edge. Her ass jutted out behind; 
her tits, in front. She spread her legs wide so her pussy could be seen 
too.

"Ready when you are," she said, looking back over her shoulder with a 
smile.

"I'm ready, Mom." He stepped up behind her and seized her slim waist, 
snuggled close.

"Ooooooh!" she moaned, when his prick-head poked into her cunt-lips. 
She bent forward a little and made it easier for him.

Larry tightened his grip on her waist and thrust forward, driving his 
prick into her fuck-hole. She gasped, arched her back. He thrust again, 
plunging his prick deeper. She cried out and shook her head in 
disbelief. She had forgotten how big-cocked he was. He thrust once 
more, hard enough to shake the desk, and buried his big cock balls-
deep.

"Ungh!" Janice grunted, licking her lips. "You really know how to fill 
a girl up, don't you? Oh, boy."

Larry began pumping his mother hard, driving his big cock in and out of 
her tight cunt. Janice gasped and grunted and cried out unashamedly as 
she bore the brunt of her son's pent-up passions.

She had a sneaky feeling that he was thinking about his daddy while he 
was fucking her. She thought about his daddy too and got turned on even 
more. Smiling devilishly, Janice pushed her pussy back into her son's 
hard-driving prick.

"Fuck me, son! Fuck me just like your daddy!" she cried out, teasing 
him.

She groaned and laughed as his fat prick plunged in and out of her 
cunt-hole. She winced with each hard thrust, loving it. She also loved 
the way his hard balls slapped noisily against the backs of her thighs. 
Filled with love, Janice pushed back steadily and was hotly rewarded.

"Ohhh!" she groaned, biting her lower lip. She spread her feet on the 
floor and got a better grip on the desk, a grip that would hold up to 
his hard thrusts.

Janice breathed in quick gasps as shivers shot through her body. That 
big prick tunneling in and out of her pussy-tube was really doing a 
number on her, she told herself. She felt her cunt stretching and 
stretching, and wondered if it would ever be the same again.

Larry's hot breath caressed her shoulders. She could hear him panting 
heavily, knew he was loving her tight pussy. She closed her eyes, and 
imagined his muscular ass moving wonderfully back and forth behind her.

His grip on her waist tightened and his thrusts increased, harder, 
faster. He speared her pussy again and again, stretching it out of 
shape. She gasped, whimpered, held onto the edge of the desk with all 
her might to keep from being humped right through it.

But her sopping pussy could only take so much friction, so much 
pressure. Soon she was overcome with mind-jarring spasms, hot blissful 
sensations. She drooled and babbled and rolled her eyes wildly. Then 
she came.

She cried out, throwing back her head. "You're making me, come! You're 
making me come! Ohhh!"

"Me too, Mama! I'm coming too!"

With hot pussy-juice and hot jizz spraying everywhere, the big blonde 
bucked back into her hard-driving son and played the role of ball-
buster. Flesh-slapping noises, wet and loud, filled the study. His 
spurting prick filled her cunt with hot jizz. She couldn't get enough 
and continued to fuck as hard as she could, while orgasmic spasms 
soared through them both.

"Oh, bitch, what a fuck!" he said, still pumping, as if determined to 
make up in this one moment all the years he had gone without his 
mother's pussy. "Here's some more ... and some more ... and some more 
..."

Janice sucked all her son's jizz into her cunt while her body continued 
to twitch with spasms. She couldn't have been happier. She had her son 
back. All of him: mind, body, and fat cock. And none of the horny women 
in the neighborhood were going to take him away from her.



Chapter 8


After returning the clothes she had borrowed from her mother's bedroom, 
Kim, back in her own nightie, crept down the hall and into her own room 
without being seen. She wore a big smile, for she had never been 
happier in her life. And she owed her happiness to her uncle, who had 
just popped her cherry and had promised to fuck her again in a day or 
two.

Blissful sensations were still rippling through her little pussy when 
she closed the door behind her and tiptoed toward her bed.

"That you, Sis?" The table lamp suddenly came on.

"Yes, Teddy, it's me. And I had a wonderful time."

"Did you find someone to fuck?"

"Yes, but you'll never believe who."

"Tell me."

"Uncle Jack. Can you believe it, I actually fucked Uncle Jack. And he 
promised to fuck me again tomorrow. It was wonderful, Teddy, simply 
wonderful."

"I've got a secret too," Teddy said, all smiles.

"What is it? Tell me."

"Aunt Sue was up here and she let me fuck her. She showed me a lot of 
things. And they all felt real good."

"Really! That's great, Teddy! You're not a virgin, anymore!"

"Nope."

"Wow! Hey, I've an idea. Teddy, why don't you show me what Aunt Sue 
taught you, and I'll show you what Uncle Jack taught me? Okay?"

Kim bypassed her own bed and climbed into bed with Teddy.

"Okay, Sis, that should be fun. I've been wanting to stick my big cock 
in your little pussy for a long time, anyway."

"You have? I never knew, why didn't you tell me?"

"I was afraid to tell you because I didn't know how to fuck. But now I 
do." He moved over and made room for his sister.

"I do too," Kim said, and they both laughed as they tossed back the 
blankets and huddled together.

"Damn, Teddy, you really turn me on," Kim said when she noticed his 
hard cock-bulge. "Hurry and show me what Auntie taught you. I'm dying 
to find out."

When her brother started showing an interest in her pussy, Kim lifted 
her nightie a few inches and flashed her naked pussy at him. Teddy 
leaned over and began sniffing his sister's cunt-mound.

She caressed his blonde hair as he sniffed her hot pussy-aroma. His 
breath lit a fire in her inner thighs and cunt-lips. Soon she could 
feel her brother's hot breath in her cunt-crack. She looked toward the 
door as a violent shiver rocked her.

"This is fun, Teddy. If the grown-ups downstairs think they're having 
such a great time, they should come up here and see us. We'll show them 
a thing or two, won't we?"

Kim spread her thighs wider and raised her nightie another couple of 
inches. Then she shook her long blonde hair back over her shoulders. 
She was ready now. The party be damned!

Shivers shot up her back as her brother's nose pressed into her cunt-
mound. She gritted her teeth and shifted her ass around then shot 
another glance at the door. All was safe.

Teddy sniffed and snorted as he enjoyed his sister's hot pussy. Her 
hairy cunt stifled most of the sounds he was making.

As Teddy sniffed her cunt, his nose brushed against her soft fuck-meat. 
Her pussy twitched uncontrollably as streaking fingers of electricity 
ran through her. Kim pumped her cunt hard in order to deal with these 
mind-blowing pleasures.

She soon found herself bucking and writhing. She did her best to keep 
her movements at a minimum, for she didn't want her parents or any of 
the party guests to hear what was going on.

She thought it strange that when she was fucking her uncle, she never 
once feared being caught in the act. She had felt safe and secure the 
whole time. But now, with her twin brother, she was nervous and wary, 
as if she expected someone to burst into the room at any moment.

But though she stayed on her guard, she fully intended to have plenty 
of naughty fun this night.

Suddenly Teddy reached out with his tongue and speared her cunt-mound. 
She nearly fainted. She found herself holding onto her brother's neck 
for support.

Teddy snaked his tongue through her silky cunt-hairs, wetting them 
down. He licked her cunt with thorough strokes, his tongue pushing her 
wet cunt-hairs to and fro and straightening out the many curls. Kim bit 
down hard on her lower lip and stifled another scream.

"Yes, lick my pussy, you bastard! Lick my pussy hard!"

It wasn't long before her brother found her cunt-crack. He snaked his 
tongue up and down its full length, tasting all of her fuck-juices. In 
his eagerness he bared her pink fuck-meat and tasted that too. Her 
little cunt was soon glistening with his spit.

With his tongue, her brother stretched her cunt-lips apart and pinched 
them together again, repeatedly. Then he rolled them around like dough. 
Gasping heavily, Kim began bouncing on her ass.

Spit ran down her thighs, and she wiped it up as fast as she could, 
soaking her hand in the process. She wondered if it were possible to 
feel any better than this. If she let it, her brother's fat tongue 
could easily make her come.

Teddy licked her thirstily, lapping up her pussy-juices as they dripped 
from her fuck-hole. His tongue slid this way and that in his search. 
And Kim trembled with each flick of his tongue.

"Oh, Teddy, what a tongue you have!" She opened her nightie and let her 
tits spill out. Then she began rubbing them.

Teddy, meanwhile, found his sister's fuck-hole and plugged her up 
tight.

She was floating on a cloud. She shook her head joyfully and grabbed 
both tits in her fists, squeezing them hard. "Fuck me, Teddy! Fuck me 
with your tongue!"

With his tongue Teddy stretched her fuck-hole wide. Groaning deeply, 
she pulled her legs far back, until her knees touched her shoulders. 
Now her brother had all the room he needed.

Lapping noises reached her ears as her brother worked his fat tongue up 
and down her fuck-hole. She shivered from the lightning bolts that 
racked her raw fuck-meat. She moaned and groaned louder and louder as 
the nerves in her cunt stood on end.

More spit ran down her thighs. Her cunt-bush got wetter and wetter. She 
shut her eyes to the blissful sensations and listened to the wicked 
lapping noises.

Her eyes flew open again when her brother's tongue rubbed against her 
little clit. She sucked in her breath sharply and bucked up off the 
mattress. She hoped to feel more of these wonderful pleasures.

Kim's breathing was loud and frantic, as if she were fighting for her 
life. She couldn't stop bucking or twitching, either, for her brother's 
tongue was stuffed inside her fuck-hole, tantalizing her tender fuck-
meat. All she could do was hold on and wait for her orgasm to release 
her from this lovely torture.

While she waited, Teddy began reaming her fuck-hole. He moved his fat 
tongue around and around her slippery cunt, stretching her cunt-walls 
out of shape and jolting the hell out of her little swollen clit. Kim 
thrashed about beneath him, her body covered with sweat.

"Aagh!" she cried. "I can't take it! You're making me come, damnit!"

Blankets flew in all directions as Kim's shapely body jerked 
erratically. Her eyes rolled back and her lips quivered so hard she 
couldn't speak. She lost control over herself. And while she was 
moaning and groaning and twisting and turning, her cunt erupted and 
fuck-juices flowed into her brother's mouth.

"Oh, yeah," she cried, her muscles straining, her cunt twitching. "That 
was wonderful, Teddy! Aunt Sue taught you well!"

She rubbed her cunt up and down his face for several seconds, wetting 
him down. Then she collapsed in a heap on the mattress, her lips curled 
up in a smile.

Several minutes passed. Laughter and shouts from the party downstairs 
reached her ears. Everyone else seemed to be having fun, she told 
herself, so why not her brother and she? Teddy was still with her, 
showing more interest in her cunt. And she was still horny, eager for a 
very big cock.

"Now it's my turn, Teddy. I'm going to show you what Uncle Jack taught 
me." She slipped off her nightie and tossed it to the floor, glanced 
quickly toward the door, then pushed her brother onto his back and 
prepared to suck his cock.

With her tits hanging down beneath her, Kim lowered her head and deep-
throated her brother's big cock. Her head bobbed up and down as she ran 
her lips all over his prick-shaft, swallowing the fucker again and 
again. She repeatedly buried her nose in his cock-hair, while soaking 
his cock with her spit.

Her golden hair danced about her shoulders. Her nice ass quivered high 
in the air.

Kim began slobbering on Teddy's big prick. Spit dripped to the mattress 
after soaking his nuts. But she couldn't help the mess she was making, 
for his cock was just too big to handle.

Teddy howled, and he reached down with both hands and pinned her mouth 
tight to his prick.

Kim waited for him to relax his grip. Then, she started working her 
lips up and down his cock, blowing the fucker as best she could. 
Sucking hard, she stroked his prick along its entire length, greasing 
it down with her spit and making the fucker swell up and begin to 
throb.

Her mind reeling, she continued to suck on her brother's big cock. She 
worked her greedy lips from the hairy root to the swollen cock-head and 
back again. She massaged the prick's full length, tasting every vein 
and every bump.

Still sucking, she soaked the kid's prick with her spit and made the 
fucker shine.

"Ohhhh!" Teddy cried, guiding her bobbing head. "Please, Sis, don't 
stop! I want to give you a mouthful of jizz."

In spite of its size, Kim managed to keep her lips wrapped around her 
brother's fat prick. She slobbered on the fucker for some time, 
enjoying its meaty flavor. Then she began to explore the piss-hole.

She sucked hard on the piss-hole, at the same time running her tongue 
around and around the fat rim to jolt every nerve there. Teddy howled 
and bucked and trembled as his cum swirled through his nuts.

"Aagh!" he cried, reaching for her tits.

"Uncle Jack taught you too well, Sis."

Gasping and shivering, Kim sucked on her brother's cock in spite of the 
pain in her tits. Her mind reeled from the fiery sensations soaring 
through her body. The hot cock was wearing her down, stirring her own 
pussy-juices, making her crazy. But she sucked right on, working her 
clinging lips energetically, determined to show her brother what she 
had learned from her uncle.

"That's enough, Sis, I've change my mind! I want to come in your pussy, 
not your mouth. Let go of my cock. Let go, Sis."

"Are you sure, Teddy?" she said, lifting her head. "I don't mind 
drinking your jizz, really I don't?"

"I want to fuck you right now and show you what Auntie taught me. So 
quick, get on your hands and knees."

Kim shrugged her shoulders then obeyed her brother's wishes. No sooner 
was she in position when he crawled up behind her and seized her slim 
waist with both his hands. She shivered hard and had second thoughts 
about fucking in his strange position but these thoughts were quickly 
erased when her brother's fat cock speared her hot fuck-hole. She was 
ready for anything now.

Kim trembled again when her brother's prick-head delved inside her 
fuck-hole. The stretching of her cunt-walls took away her breath and 
made the blood race through her pussy. She braced herself for a good 
time and a hard fuck.

Teddy pushed his cock deeper into his sister's pussy-hole. Kim, to 
accommodate his big cock, spread her thighs wider and arched her back. 
She also pushed back into him.

"Ungh!" she grunted, shutting her eyes. "What a cock! It's almost as 
big as Uncle Jack's! Wow, keep pushing, Teddy. Let me have it all."

Teddy, humping hard, finally drove his cock balls-deep into his 
sister's fuck-hole. Kim cried out then started shaking her head as the 
pressure in her cunt mounted. Teddy's cock was almost more than she 
could bear, what with a fat cock-head throbbing deep in her guts and a 
pair of hot balls digging into her soft cunt-lips. Maybe she should 
have asked the kid to give her only half of his cock, she thought, 
joking.

After holding his prick deep for a few seconds, Teddy began humping her 
again. He forced his big prick in and out of her fuck-hole, repeatedly. 
Each thrust drove his cock-head deep into her guts and slammed his 
balls up against her cunt-lips. Soon, flesh slapping noises reached her 
ears and made her smile.

Frantic gasps escaped her lips. Spit dribbled down her chin. She could 
feel her cunt stretching again and again as the kid drilled her. She 
thought she would lose her mind.

Teddy was feeling the pressure of her tight pussy, or so Kim believed. 
He panted heavily, while humping frantically. And more than once he 
cried out aloud, abrupt enough to startle her.

Teddy tightened his grip on her waist and pinned her even tighter to 
his prick. He kept humping, his smooth ass moving rhythmically behind 
her own smooth ass, his long fat prick spearing her fuck-hole 
repeatedly and jarring her senses. She loved it.

Kim, with a smile on her face, whimpered and gasped as she knelt 
beneath her humping brother. With flesh-slapping noises loud in her 
ears, she closed her eyes again and welcomed the hard pounding of his 
nuts and the deep drilling of his cock. These were pleasures she had 
just recently discovered, but hoped to experience for many years to 
come.

Teddy's big cock was making Kim crazy. Her pussy burned from the 
friction and the pressure of his enormous prick. Her mind reeling, she 
began pumping her cunt around the fucker in a useless effort to ease 
the pressure of her fuck-hole.

"Ohhh!" she cried, shaking her head so hard her hair flew about like 
long golden streamers.

"I'm going to come again! I just know it! Oh, sweet mother-fucker, let 
me come!"

Crazy with lust, Kim started pushing her pussy back into her humping 
brother. Timing her movements just right, she met each of Teddy's 
thrusts. Pussy against balls. The flesh-slapping noises filled the air 
around them. Cum sprayed in every direction. They both trembled and 
moaned. Then Teddy burst his nuts inside her cunt, and she nearly died.

She howled, rolling her eyes. "Your cum is so fucking hot. Ohhh!"

"So's your pussy, Sis!" Teddy cried, his face strained.

Teddy humped furiously as he blew his wad of jizz deep inside his 
sister's fuck-hole. His spasms made it that much more difficult for her 
to bear his big cock. But she wasn't going to crawl away now, not with 
all that wonderfully hot jizz squirting into her pussy. She stayed 
right where she was, welcoming every drop of cum her brother pumped 
into her pussy, and enjoying it all.

She was enjoying the cum so much that her own orgasm hit her without 
warning. Her eyes just rolled back in her head, and she began spasming 
uncontrollably.

"Aaagh!" she cried. "I'm coming too! Ohhhh!" Her cunt erupted again and 
blew fuck-juices all over her brother's cock and balls. "Oh, it feels 
soooo gooodd!"

"You're telling me, Sis. I like your pussy better than Aunt Sue's. 
Damn, it'll be fun fucking you every night."

"Ditto," Kim said.

Soon they were huddled in each other's arms, listening to the rain and 
the wind beating against the window panes. They could also hear the 
grown-ups downstairs, for the party was still going strong. It seemed 
as if all were enjoying themselves.

"Sounds as though everyone is loose, and all inhibitions are down," 
Teddy said. "I wouldn't be surprised if everyone in our family is 
behaving crazily tonight."

Kim agreed. She thought it strange how a stormy night and a wild party 
could combine to make people crazy, grown-ups and kids alike. Then, 
with a smile, she shivered as a spasm shot through her pussy to remind 
her of her own crazy activities.

"What a storm. What a party. What a night!"

"Amen!" Teddy said.


The End



                  "Sexy Sailors"
                  By 
                  Frances La Gatta

                  Copyright. D. Shaw 2002.
                  The right of D.Shaw to be identified as the author of this 
                  book has been asserted in accordance with Section 77 and 78 of 
                  the Copyrights and Patents Act 1988.



            A briny breeze ruffled Sky O'Keefe's sleek blonde mane as she caught 
            her breath at the stern rail under the glow of a glorious red moon. 
            Its trailing reflection upon the black velvet seas reminded her of 
            millions of sparklers sizzling in the twilight. 
            The captain's sudden towering presence beside her was exactly what 
            she wanted and Sky could fairly feel his temper churning beneath his 
            calm exterior like the pea green wake of his ship. He seemed born to 
            wear the maritime cap of command upon his dark head, and his 
            chiseled profile, which normally contained a charismatic smile alive 
            with affection and delight, was a brooding mask of stone. Legs 
            planted wide, hands clasped behind him; he simply stared out to sea 
            as if weighing a forthcoming decision. Having left his naval blazer 
            back at the dinning table, his rolled white cuffs and navy tie at 
            half-mast were not the spit and polish image he generally projected. 
            Yet, his frazzled look told her just how much her provocative dance 
            with the petty officer had affected him. And since their love affair 
            was a secret, there hadn't been a damn thing the high and mighty 
            Captain Caleb Pennworth could do about it! He had to sit and watch 
            and struggle to remain just as impassive as she had while all those 
            flirtatious featherbrains vied for his attention. 
            Whoever said payback was a bitch must have been a woman, Sky 
            thought, smiling to herself. She would never stoop so low as to ask 
            her lover for a commitment. Caleb had become too comfortable and 
            content with the way things stood between them. And she knew exactly 
            how to shake him up without a loss of her pride or dignity. 
            Caleb ran a proud and efficient private luxury liner with a British 
            Colombian crew and a cultural melting pot of employees who catered 
            to the whims of the privileged few. Mold, in her opinion, on the 
            upper crust. These rich and bored seafarers, who took most of the 
            Majestic Bounty's bounties for granted, were interested in every 
            detail about their illusive, utterly handsome captain. And they were 
            a responsibility he never took lightly. But if he simply tipped his 
            cap in passing to the bathing beauties lined on lounge chairs, their 
            drooling fairly swabbed the sun decks behind him. 
            Sky chanced a glance, catching Caleb as he briefly removed his hat 
            to comb his fingers back through his thick black, silver-threaded 
            hair. She shivered in remembrance of those elegant hands caressing 
            her skin as skillfully as they maneuvered the ships wheel. He 
            planted a polished shoe on a low rung and leaned his well-veined, 
            slightly haired forearms over the railing. 
            "I've really had it with your jealous snits," he finally said with a 
            detached inevitability that made her wonder if her mutinous behavior 
            had been overboard. How often did he remind her that their love had 
            kept him sane? She had been deliberately driving Caleb insane and 
            postponing his rather robust sexual appetites with inventive lies 
            that would have made a tax attorney applaud. But she would ice-skate 
            in hell before she would ever admit it to him. 
            "Jealous snits?" She acted as cliché as the color of her hair.
            "If you meant to get my attention by dirty dancing with my petty 
            officer--you did. Mister Shockley is probably off in his quarters 
            polishing his brass over you."
            "Don't be crude."
            "Crude," he said, raising an incredulous brow. "Is only one 
            adjective that describes your tit and ass shaking performance back 
            in there. If you want to be treated like a lady, I wouldn't 
            recommend flipping up your dress like some cheap dancehall floozy."
            "That was an accident!" she protested in earnest. "I tripped."
            "Well everyone onboard knows you're a true blonde now," he retorted. 
            "And it was no accident that you made every gentleman under eighty 
            and over twelve who prefers them hot and hard with that tango."
            Including him, she'd wager. "The tango happens to be a sensually 
            expressive tribute to love." 
            "I agree. But after your bump and grind peep show? You looked like a 
            vertical expression of a horizontal idea planted firmly in the minds 
            of men. Most especially the mind of my petty officer."
            "Oh?" she huffed. "Mrs. Merrywidow with the alligator bags under her 
            eyes didn't exactly look as cold as her pearls when you waltzed her 
            across the floor." 
            Caleb's electric blue eyes soften with an amusement reserved only 
            for her, and only when he was off duty, she reminded herself sourly. 
            He rarely acknowledged her otherwise. "You know I'm required to 
            dance with passengers that pay for the privilege of dinning at the 
            captain's table."
            "I may not be able to dance with you, but there's no stupid ship 
            rule saying I can't with whomever else I please. I am an aerobics 
            instructor after all. Besides, I thought you loved the way I get 
            them moving to the music in my classes."
            His arched both brows. "Oh, I do darlin'. But those moves were meant 
            to be shared with me in the privacy of my stateroom. In fact... You 
            can report there right now." Her pulse began to beat erratically at 
            the threat in his deep voice. "And while you're waiting for me? Keep 
            in mind how I'm going to take you over my knee, lift that sexy red 
            number you're wearing--" He scanned her dress and fixed her with a 
            steely stare. "Pull down those skimpy panties, and get your shapely 
            bottom swinging to the very hard rhythm of my hand."
            She lifted her chin and met his gunmetal gaze point blank. "Well, 
            screw you too, Cap'n Ahab," she sang in sweet defiance. 
            "After your month long embargo? I'm sure you'll find Moby's rate of 
            knots more vigorous than usual." The lively twinkle in his eye 
            incensed her more. "If you end up sore from more than a spanking, 
            you only have yourself to blame." 
            "If you think for one minute I'll meekly allow you to spank me like 
            some willful child and then," her flustered tongue stalled and she 
            tossed her silky length of hair over her affronted shoulder. "Well, 
            you can just stick your Moby where the sun doesn't shine." 
            "Keep that up, and you'll be licking Irish Spring, too, Miss 
            O'Keefe."
            "Of all the--"
            "And after I'm through spanking you? You'll be begging me to 
            navigate into that uncharted, sunless region." He cut a look from 
            her face to her bum. "I promise." His penetrating eyes set off an 
            unwelcome and instant tingle of warm arousal, as if he had just 
            touched her clitoris. 
            "I told you, you're much too big to consider it," she feigned 
            prudish indifference while her pulse picked up its pace. 
            "I've a few ancient oriental secrets that will guarantee a 
            comfortable passage. A little yang in your ying is not only overdo, 
            but it'll certainly cure you of the nasty little bug you've had up 
            there," he said lowly, and she could almost feel his warm breath on 
            her ear with an image of his enormous penis poised at her threshold 
            flashing her brain. 
            "I will never submit to anything of the sort," she scoffed. 
            He peered at her intently. "Yet you have no compunctions about doing 
            the horizontal hip-hop with me and then locking your legs together 
            with out-and-out lies, do you?" 
            She deliberately shut out any awareness of him. "How dare you accuse 
            me of being a liar!" 
            "Reminding me of what I've been missing with a blatant threat to 
            give it away to another was your biggest mistake."
            "You're the one who is mist--"
            "And your prick-teasing scheme to dangle it until I eventually 
            consent to give you everything you want if you give me what I crave 
            is what bought you a one way ticket over my knee." 
            She lowered her lashes to escape his true blue stare. "I have no 
            idea what you're talking about."
            He gripped her chin. "Look at me." His expression conveyed furious 
            determination. "You're going to learn, even if the hard way, that my 
            marriage to you will never work this way." 
            "Marriage?" Her astonished voice squeaked awkwardly.
            "Tidewater runs through my veins, Sky, and this vessel is my life. 
            That you imagined for one second I would risk losing it all if I 
            didn't intend to spend the rest of my life with you makes me want to 
            reenlist the old salt's tradition of a public flogging." His eyes 
            seemed to lash at her. "I came damned close to giving that male 
            audience of yours a gander of just how red and hot your shapely ass 
            can turn out to be when it's the focus of my attention." He roughly 
            released her chin. 
            "I-uhm," she stammered with mounting anxiety. "Didn't realize--"
            "That I was about to propose to you with the band microphone when 
            you decided to act like a bitch in heat?"
            A suffocating sensation closed her throat.
            "And Mrs. Merrywidow? Her name is Katharine Pennworth. Kindly 
            address my mother as such," he pronounced, and she willed herself to 
            disappear into the deep blue abyss of the sea and lock herself in 
            with Davy. "Her husband, the admiral, also my father, had to pull 
            quite a few strings when I told him about us. My forbidden love for 
            an employee predicament was about to be solved with a surprise 
            engagement party that involved enough red-tape to circle this ship." 

            She cupped a hand over her gaping mouth. "Oh-m-gawd," she muffled. 
            "He had nothing to do with your unholy show." 
            Her mortified, panic stricken eyes filled with terrible regret and 
            remorse.
            "Save it for when I really give you something to cry about," he 
            glowered and then he eyed his wristwatch. "You have exactly forty 
            minutes to prepare for my arrival. I suggest you get-a-move-on." 
            She gulped the hard knot lodged in her throat. "Prepare?" 
            His whole demeanor grew in a severity that rippled along her spine. 
            "If your peep show is not shaved as bald as a billiard ball when I 
            pull your scanty panties down, I'll do it myself and add one hundred 
            more cracks for the trouble."
            She flinched at his tone and waves of apprehension swept through 
            her. "And if I refuse?" she managed lamely.
            "Revoking your ship privileges and shore pass hardly corrected your 
            insubordinence, did it? Or did you imagine I would never find out 
            about your unauthorized escapades to the islands for yet another 
            girl bonding party?" he asked with a humorless smile, and the silent 
            impasse between them became unbearable. "Third times a charm, Sky," 
            the conviction in his stern voice rang in her eardrums like a 
            courtroom gavel.
            Her face drained of color. "Please, Caleb. You can't fire me."
            "I can and will if you don't haul ass and make ready for what you 
            deserve. Red Sky at the night is a sailors delight, sweetheart." He 
            adjusted the rim of his hat. "And when your cute lil' rumba is as 
            sweltering as the morning sun, you'll never again question who's at 
            the helm." And with that, he pushed away from the rail, retreating 
            with long, purposeful strides into the galley.


            * * * 
            Sky flew into the blue-carpeted fitness room where she held classes 
            for vacationing exercise enthusiasts. She promptly locked the 
            heavily paned doors behind her and she began to tremble as fearful 
            images of those huge and powerful palms striking her bottom built in 
            her mind. She eyed the rowing machines in a crazy but desperate 
            fantasy of escape. Knowing Caleb's robust sexual appetites, she 
            didn't doubt his promise of pleasure in the aftermath of her 
            punishment, but at what price to her doomed behind? If the meted 
            pain equaled his unbridled, and deprived--no thanks to her-passions. 
            . . She wouldn't be able to sit for a month. 
            The clock on the wall above the swimming pool ticked a startling 
            reminder that she had only twenty minutes left before she 
            bared-it-all to her commander and chief. She was only certain of one 
            thing. . . She could not imagine her life without Caleb. The first 
            time she'd opened the pool early for the captain's private use 
            before the guests arrived, they fit together like rain in the 
            springtime. They talked about everything, and nothing, and laughed 
            at each other's jokes. While working out with weights and swimming 
            laps, every accidental brushing of their bodies turned to 
            frustration and longing. When she straddled his weight bench, 
            haunch-to-haunch, sharing Gatorade and laughing, their mouths 
            sobered and then hovered, breath mingling, and then his lips touched 
            hers in a featherlike quest, a leisure stroking of his tongue, his 
            teeth nipping at her bottom lip. 
            "They could make me walk the plank for this, Sky," she remembered 
            him mumbling into her mouth.
            "I could never live with myself if I were the cause. Oh, Caleb," she 
            had sighed forlornly. "What are we going to do?" She rested her 
            defeated head on his warm chest. 
            "I don't know... But trust me. I'll find a way." He gently caressed 
            her back, and then deftly unfastened the tie of her halter beneath 
            the hair at her nape. The front flap fell, freeing her full breasts 
            to the cool air and his heated gaze. He thumbed her nipples to 
            harder pebbles, eliciting jolts of exquisite electricity that had 
            her emitting breathless little shudders. His hungry mouth then found 
            her, first one nipple, then the other, the shadow of his beard part 
            pain, and pure pleasure against her soft skin. "I want to make you 
            mine, Sky," he rasped, and gently guided her hand over the iron rod 
            of arousal straining against the frustrating red fabric of his gym 
            shorts. She remembered how she had gasped in surprise, and first 
            teased Cap'n Ahab about his Moby. Oh, how she adored his deep, sexy 
            chuckle. The way his warm, solid chest had rumbled against her 
            breasts with his embrace. "I love you, Sky," he murmured as his lips 
            seared a path up her neck to her ear, imprisoning her lobe with his 
            teeth. "Come hell or high water...gotta have you..." And they had 
            torn at each others clothes, ravenous in their hunger to taste and 
            touch and explore every naked mystery, until he gripped her hips and 
            impaled her, and she rode him, wild and bucking, into a 
            breathtaking, blissful horizon. 
            When their love had been new, hiding away from the world was as 
            natural and necessary as breathing, and for a time, their forbidden 
            secret added a delicious risk-taking element to their stolen 
            rendezvous'. But then she had wanted to declare her love to the 
            world, and she did not understand why he didn't, and was too damned 
            proud to ask or press the issue. All the while he had been planning 
            to pop the question, she had been too busy lying, denying him, and 
            herself, and of the passions they shared. Too busy seething with 
            petty jealousies and defying his authority aboard his own ship; as 
            if to say to his crew, 'you're silly rules don't apply to me Captain 
            Crunch.' And Mother of Mamba's. She couldn't, didn't, want to think 
            about her whorish behavior in front of her future in-laws who were 
            probably here to meet her. She had ruined Caleb's romantic surprise 
            like the castrating bitch she had become. And if there was ever 
            going to be a future with Caleb, she knew what she had to do. She 
            couldn't lock herself in here for the rest of her life like a 
            frightened fool. 
            Sky undressed, stepped into a shower stall, and quickly soaped her 
            body under the steamy cascade. She placed the razor to her furry 
            blonde mons; denuding herself with mechanical precision while 
            memories that she should never have forgotten pelted her mind. She 
            stepped out, toweled herself off, and fished in her locker for her 
            toiletries. She lotioned and misted her toned body with Caleb's 
            favorite scent--Obsession. The wedding white satin panties felt cool 
            and sleek on her denuded genitals, and she selected black spandex 
            leggings a matching midriff runners bra for want of a better choice. 

            At the long marble vanity, she preened before the lighted mirrors. 
            Applying a touch of mascara and lip-gloss, she skipped over the 
            blusher for the obvious reasons. Using one of the guest-provided 
            blow dryers and her favorite old hairbrush, she dried her sleek 
            blonde hair, which she then styled into the high, girlish ponytail 
            she usually wore when working out. With a resigned, but fortified 
            sigh, she turned old faithful over in her hand to study the wide, 
            oval-shaped back, made in the USA, like her, of sturdy, natural oak. 
            It was smudged with war paint from her deliberate Dances With 
            Wolves. Whoever said payback was a bitch must have been a man . . . 
            she ironically realized in retrospect. 
            Gathering up her slinky scarlet dress, matching garter belt, 
            G-string, and misty red silk stockings, she stuffed the completely 
            hated couturier caboodle into the trash bin, picked up the 
            hairbrush, and padded barefoot down the seemingly endless hallways 
            that led to her master's stateroom.



            MAN AT HELM


            Chapter Two
            Sky closed the door and pressed her back against the woodwork, 
            instinctively guarding what was about to be punished. Even the air 
            seemed to be holding its breath as her eyes adjusted in the dark. 
            His government green front office with its husky, brass trimmed, 
            polished wood furnishings, and heavily mirrored walls came into 
            focus. A slice of yellow light at the base of the adjacent door 
            indicated that he was in the sitting room, probably sipping Crown 
            Royal from the quaint rattan bar, enjoying his nightly cigar, his 
            large frame comfortably stretched out on his favorite leather chaise 
            lounge. 
            Somehow she did not imagine he'd be reading, as was his usual 
            practice before he retired with her into the bedroom. He'd been too 
            livid, too preoccupied with taking her to task. If only she could 
            diffuse his anger. . . . Maybe she could dissuade him from spanking 
            her by soothing his frustrated lust? She knew just the sort of 
            submissive seduction that might possibly make up for all her horrid 
            behavior. 
            Her heart beat as erratically as her frantic thoughts. Mother of 
            Majestic Bounty. She should run for it while she still had the 
            chance! Before she could turn to do just that, a startling flare 
            illuminated Caleb's chiseled face in the shadows. He framed the 
            matchstick with his hand, staring at her through the flame while he 
            cuffed his cigar to life. Caleb seemed to take up a lot of the space 
            while he sat on that armless antique chair with his knees planted 
            wide. Sky fumbled for the light switch on the wall with shaking 
            fingers. 
            "Leave it," he commanded in a tone that reduced her spine to cooked 
            spaghetti. 
            "I, uhm--" 
            "C'mere," he bellowed.
            She shivered not from a chill, but dread as she shuffled forward to 
            stand between those massive thighs. Head lowered, her polished red 
            toenails digging into the plush white carpet, she offered him her 
            hairbrush like a grail. "I deserve it, I know... but before you 
            spank me," she whispered softly. "Please, darling. Let me show you 
            how truly sorry I am." Sinking gracefully to her knees, and with her 
            hands together as if in prayer, she brought her parted palms 
            hovering over his crotch. Sky licked her generous lips suggestively, 
            her dainty fingers searching for the tine of his zipper, and slowly, 
            she began to ease it down, her head lowering. 
            The hairbrush came before her pert nose, thwarting her intended 
            destination. "Hoping to change my mind about using this?" she heard 
            him say around his sweet smelling cigar, and the applied pressure of 
            the brush under her chin left her no choice but to look up at him. 
            His dark eyebrow was arched, his steely stare determined. "Or are 
            you praying I won't be able to resist such a tempting offer after 
            denying me with those lying lips?" He touched the flat of the brush 
            to her moistened mouth as if to both silence her and reaffirm his 
            aim. "You certainly place more emphasis on the word cunning, when it 
            comes to cunninglingus." The brush came away and he smacked it down 
            into his open palm. Flinching at the sound, she dropped back onto 
            her haunches, shielding her bottom. 
            "The first lesson you're going to learn is that you can't use sex as 
            a bargaining chip to manipulate me. And that's just the tip of the 
            iceberg when it comes to your misbehavior." He set the hairbrush on 
            the polished mahogany desk beside him and effortlessly yanked her up 
            to her feet while he remained seated. "I can see you still like to 
            bend the rules to suit you. You didn't follow my orders to the 
            letter. And I didn't I find you here when I arrived. Care to 
            enlighten me before I turn you over my knee?" 
            "B-but I went to the gym to... prepare," she wheedled. 
            "No. You went there because even in the face of all you have done, 
            you still want the upper edge of doing things your way."
            "I-I was scared," she protested. 
            "Not scared enough to do as you were told." He scrutinized her 
            exercise apparel, expelling an aggravated stream of sweet smelling 
            smoke over her torso. "While there's no question you're going to 
            receive the work-out of your life, I'm not a man who'll settle on 
            second best. I caught more than an eyeful, along with everyone else, 
            under that sexy red number you had on." 
            "I threw it in garbage can! I never want to look at it again!"
            "Oh, but I do," he replied matter-of-fact, and then he picked up the 
            phone, placed the receiver to his ear, and punched one of the many 
            hailing buttons on the com. "There's a ladies red dress stuffed in a 
            trash can somewhere in the gymnasium. I want you to find this dress 
            and bring it to my stateroom." He tapped his cigar ash into the 
            crystal, anchor-shaped tray while listening to the voice other end. 
            "If you have to tear the ship upside down, you'll find it before it 
            reaches the incinerators, mister," he growled around the cigar and 
            then paused to listen with more chuffs. "No. That's not all," he 
            expounded. "I'd also like two of those disposable type enemas from 
            the Binnacle Store. That's right," he said, chuckling as he cut a 
            look from her horrified turtle brown eyes to her bum. "With a name 
            like Fleet, you can't go wrong." He slammed the receiver down. "At 
            least my men know how to follow orders."
            "If you think for one min--"
            "Did I give you permission to speak?" He silenced her with a glare 
            and stabbed his cigar out in the ashtray.
            "Permission to speak?" she asked snidely, her rebellion resurfacing.
            "Denied." He hooked his fingers into her waistband. "These are 
            tighter than skin on a wiener, but they'll keep you from kicking." 
            He peeled her leggings and panties down to her knees. 
            Her face colored fiercely and she quickly folded her hands over her 
            over her hairless mons with confusing rushes of fear and 
            anticipation and embarrassment. He reached for something to the left 
            of him on the floor and swung a black leather footstool around which 
            he promptly planted before her feet. Clasping her waist, he 
            brusquely lifted her on, and when he let go, she teetered for 
            balance with her legs locked in black spandex. 
            "Now." He perched his fists on his thighs and jerked his strong chin 
            closer to her pubis. "Spread yourself open so I can look at your 
            clitoris in full bloom," he demanded, and the crisp bite to his 
            words made her wonder if he about to pleasure her, or punish her, or 
            both, because surely this was torture. 
            "Do it, Sky," he snapped at her hesitation and she complied with a 
            thumping heart and heated face. 
            He flicked on the desk lamp, the only cover of dignity left to her, 
            gone in a blaring blinking of her eyes. His gaze focused on her 
            splayed, denuded, damp lips, the pink hood pulled up, her scarlet 
            stamen betraying her and standing at his attention. 
            "I may love all the textures and juices and spices of you," his warm 
            breath fanned her swollen nub as he reached around to gently cup her 
            buttocks. "But if I'm going to tongue this." He pulled apart her 
            cheeks and cold air puckered her anal maw. "I want you clean and 
            fresh as flower." The hard tip of his tongue flicked her clit and 
            sent stars shooting through her in a shameless and instant reaction 
            that had him issuing a deep-throated chuckle. He thrust one, and 
            then two, thickset fingers into her drenched vagina and piston 
            pumped her canal until she whimpered for release. "And I'll have you 
            as well lubricated and as comfortably stretched when I finally 
            decide to stick my neglected dick where the sun doesn't shine." He 
            then withdrew his slippery fingers as impersonally as a 
gynecologist.
            Sky covered her denuded sex like Eve realizing she was naked for the 
            first time in Eden. Her emotions rioted with queer and conflicting 
            mixtures of love and contempt and shame and fury at her vulnerably 
            to him. He had made her hunger, and feel undeserving of pleasure in 
            a bittersweet warfare of arousal, turning the tables, her very words 
            on her, with denial, and insult, all in the space of a few moments. 
            "I'm not a whore, Caleb."
            "You certainly gave an Oscar winning performance of being one. It's 
            time to get your shapely bottom the appropriate shade of red until 
            your dress arrives and you can really play the part. . . For me. " 
            He hooked an arm around her waist and flung her over his lap with a 
            harrumph. He hiked her bottom with a muscular thigh and he pressed 
            her head low; her blonde ponytail tickled the plush white carpet 
            beneath her scrabbling red fingernails. 
            She looked up to see his nostrils flaring with his arm arched high, 
            the oval oak hairbrush looking small and insignificant in his large 
            hand. It descended in a blur and hit her bottom with a lightning 
            force and thunderous crack. Sky winced and pressed her pelvis into 
            his lap to escape the searing sting that spread heat through her 
            flesh. His pectorals moved in rhythm with his shoulder, arm, and 
            hand as they swung the hairbrush up, and then down, like the 
            never-wavering, painful beat of a metronome. Strong. Insistent. 
            Monotonous. Maddening as she struggled to free her imprisoned legs. 
            Sky bit her lower lip to stifle her yelps and groans and she clamped 
            her eyelids shut with a vow not to cry. And as physically fit and 
            toned from all her workouts, her gently curved buttocks mocked her, 
            bouncing and wobbling, embarrassingly, like twin bowls of peach 
            Jell-O jiggling during rough seas. 
            He flipped the brush back and forth over her bum, strategically 
            alternating stings from one cheek to the other, dead center, and far 
            below, as if he was some crazed Picasso painting an oyster white 
            canvas with pink strokes, scarlet streaks, and magenta splotches. 
            She screwed up her face and breathed in and out through her teeth. 
            Perspiration misted her forehead and runneled her nape when his 
            efforts brought the blood circulating to her radiating bottom in two 
            small concentric circles.
            When he stopped and waited and then whaled her, these surprise 
            attacks of 'there she blows' were the worst. She hated anticipating 
            what was about to happen, hot cheeks clenched tightly for the 
            horrendous sideswiping, peeling motions that exposed her anal 
            opening. She inhaled sharply as he smacked her directly over this 
            office before her cheek flapped back into position. 
            His thumb then skimmed between her cleft, melting her tautly 
            straining muscles with a delightful, unexpected zing. He dipped, 
            deeply, into her vagina, and while she moaned for more of the same, 
            his dredging fingers immerged. He spread her cheeks apart, and 
            circled her pink anal bud, moistening her with her own juices. When 
            he gently worked the tip of his index finger inside her rectum, 
            guilty heat coursed through her core. He then strummed her clitoris 
            while he slowly sheathed his finger to the hilt. Her empty tunnel 
            began to tremble with a need to be filled. Her calves and spandex 
            imprisoned knees levitated under this intoxicating magic, her 
            pedicure red toes stretched straight out in the air behind her. And 
            on the verge of spiraling into oblivion, he abruptly withdrew, and 
            then cruelly cracked her bottom with his open palm, putting a sharp, 
            painful stop to what she mewed for.
            The brush returned to her buttocks, resting on her flaming skin in 
            an awful reminder that her penalty wasn't over. "Did you know I had 
            to suffer through crude comments about this cute little ass and 
            pussy during your little show? " Shallow, short smacks on her most 
            tenderized spots were delivered with a speed that had her squirming 
            sideways, almost off his knees. He yanked her against his solid 
            center, and continued with an unfazed concentration that hurt like 
            unleashed hell. 
            When she reared up, frantically looking around for escape, her 
            bottom resembled two red apples nested in pink cotton candy. 
            "Please, no-no more, no-more" she pleaded, not caring how pitiful 
            she sounded, gulping in big drafts of air on his wild roller coaster 
            ride of pure pleasure alternated with strict pain. 
            He pulled her leggings off and tossed them on the floor before her 
            nose. "Well now your baring every naked inch of it to me." He then 
            hiked her higher, his polished heel planted on a low rung of the 
            chair, her body nearly jackknifed, her feline whiles on full 
            display. He shoved her exercise bra down until her breasts were 
            exposed and jutting. "They talked about these as if you were some 
            dancer for hire in a sleazy nightclub." He tugged on her nipples as 
            if he was milking a cow and an invisible cord connected from her 
            breasts to her clitoris responded in a hated electrical charge. 
            "I didn't know--"
            "How it feels to be humiliated and powerless to do anything about 
            it?" He deftly worked his thick thumb into her tight rectal ring, an 
            index finger deep into her canal, and his remaining, fisted knuckles 
            kneaded her swollen nub, a grinding pistol n' mortar of 
            mortification and need. "You've been sticking it to me all month, 
            haven't you, Sky?"
            "Yes," her voice quivered with shame so acute, she wanted to 
            disappear into the carpet. He popped his fingers out and colors 
            exploded behind her eyes when the paddle of old faithful broke away 
            from the handle. 
            "Spread your legs wide. Wider! Hold your cheeks open for me."
            She complied; feeling the pulsating heat of her punished flesh under 
            her splayed fingers and the cool rush of air on her anal bud and 
            over the unfurled folds of her creaming and inflamed sex.
            Ever hear of the expression pussy-whipped, Sky?" His brawny fingers 
            smacked her wet labia, blazing a trail reminiscent of a scarfed 
            five-alarm chili pepper while her clitoris pulsed in confusion. 
            She let go of her bottom and wriggled wildly under the relentless 
            claps of his enormous palm that followed, calloused flesh striking 
            soft sore flesh in a heartfelt applause. In her upended view of the 
            world, she was flung over a horse bucking back to a barn while 
            hornets stung her bared behind. Her pelvis ground into his thighs 
            for climactic release while her boobs bounced painfully as if she 
            were jogging topless. He ignored her crazy full-throated shrieks and 
            picked up his pace as if he was a long distance runner just breaking 
            his stride. 
            "Pleeeasse," she implored in misery, not sure if she meant 'Please 
            stop' or 'Please more.' And he covered every nook and cranny, hill 
            and valley, until her bum was as hot as the cigar that had glowed in 
            the dark. Until something switched off in her brain, and she became 
            conscious only of power, his power, an awesome conglomerate of pure 
            masculine power, a sharp scalpel of dominant realty that sliced 
            opened her floodgates, and freed her. . . At last. 
            The moment she allowed her tears to fall like rain, she shattered 
            into a thousand million stars, exploded into an all encompassing 
            orgasm that rocked her body over his sprawling lap, his iron hard 
            arousal nudging encouragement against her hip. 
            "That a girl," he rasped, spreading her cheeks and fleshy folds 
            apart with his fingers as if watching in amazed wonder. "Let it all 
            go, darling. Give it all up to me."
            Her surrendering vagina twitched with awesome, apoplectic relief and 
            release while she wept aloud. "I hate you," she croaked feebly.
            "No you don't," he murmured with a resonating chuckle, gently 
            rubbing her lower spine with a coaxing palm, watching her hot 
            crimson cheeks contract and relax in a spasmodic culmination of so 
            many different and novel sensations. 
            "I-I don't understand--" 
            "Shhh." His handsome dark head descended, and he inhaled deeply, as 
            if savoring her scent. "Don't think it to death my beautiful, Sky." 
            His warm breath fanned her skin and he pressed his sensual lips to 
            her orbs in a reverent kiss. "It just is." He came up on a long 
            exhaled sigh as she lay limp across his lap, emotionally, and 
            physically depleted, a deflated life raft adrift on a sedentary sea. 

            A distant rapping noise penetrated her drained brain. The nervous, 
            and instant knocking, she realized, was coming from the other side 
            of Caleb's door.
            "Come," his hoarse reply broke the spell, and in the mirrored wall 
            in front of her, Sky watched the petty officer she had danced with 
            spill into the green room with her red dress draped over his arm and 
            a brown paper bag in his hand.



            RED SKY AT NIGHT 


            Chapter Three

            The heavy lashes that shadowed her cheeks flew up and she inhaled a 
            sharp breath. Gold specked, tinted mirrored tiles both before and 
            behind granted a panoramic view of the front office, both men, and 
            an infinity reflection of her disciplinary drama that had her 
            closing her mortified eyes. Hiked high on Caleb's strapping thigh 
            with not even the anchor of the floor to brace herself against, her 
            buttocks resembled a double exposure of the glorious full red moon 
            out by the stern rail. Only her orbs sizzled like millions of 
            sparkers reflected in a sea of green glass. 
            Her face flamed almost as fiercely at the further realization that 
            her rectal rosette and shaved and swollen nether lips were unfurled 
            like some proud, dusky pink and crimson pennant shinning with 
            utterly confusing liberation. Whatever Caleb had done to her, she 
            had never felt so vulnerable, so exposed, or so out of control in 
            her life. 
            Thankfully he lowered his leg, and she sank into his lap, allowing 
            her a small measure of modesty. Sky closed her weak thighs, righted 
            her runner's bra, and then cupped her hands over her bare bottom to 
            better hide her hot humiliation. She resembled a blushing sea siren 
            on the bow a Viking ship in this awkward but aerobically familiar 
            position. 
            And one glimpse of the petty officer ogling her in those hateful 
            mirrors had been enough. Sam Shockley's jaw had dropped along with 
            her strappy high heels that had dangled from his fingertips. Her 
            perfect pick of a tantalizing tango partner, her bodacious blonde 
            boogie buddy. . . Was reduced to a wimpy waiter ready to take the 
            captain's next order with her scarlet dress draped over his starched 
            arm like a napkin and a brown lunch bag clutched in his hand. And he 
            wasn't winded from dirty dancing, but from an apparent mad scavenger 
            Hunt For Red October in the countless garbage bins aboard the ship. 
            Mother of Majestic Messes. She acted like trash and Shockley had 
            been her trash man. 
            "Kindly hold your tongue, Mister Shockley," Caleb commanded, and she 
            gnawed on her lower lip, thinking, everyone onboard knew Shockley's 
            mouth was so big he could probably out-blow the foghorn. She may as 
            well put a full-page advertisement of her red moons on the front 
            page of the ship's newspaper delivered to the guests each morning. 
            Neptune's nuts. She was trapped aboard this floating small town 
            filled with bored and rich gossipmongers, chatty co-workers, and 
            long-winded sailors. And the only means of escaping their exercising 
            tongues was during shore leave. A ship's privilege she could use 
            after this ordeal. It didn't help to remember that her third 
            unauthorized trip to the islands with the girls--she never wanted to 
            hear 'one more drink for the blonde with no bra' again--had not only 
            almost cost her job, but was yet another of her mutinies that had 
            landed her over the captain's knee. 
            "I'm not quite finished with this seditious femme fatale," Caleb 
            added, and roughly shoved aside her hands to clearly reveal the full 
            curves of her blundering rumba. 
            Anxiety swept through under this intensely shameful scrutiny, but 
            she suffered in Catholic silence, knowing it was enough that her 
            'dirty dancer' could see evidence of her just deserts. Now that 
            Caleb had reestablished his standing in front of his junior 
            officer--whom she had brazenly used as a means to her own throbbing 
            end--he would probably settle on a stern lecture and then send the 
            blow-hard off on his way. Making up after a spat was always sweet. . 
            . making up for lost time after her month long sexual embargo would 
            be sinfully delightful. Lustful thoughts turned to heart-hammering 
            fright when Caleb pinned her wrist at the curve of her spine, hooked 
            one masculine thigh over her limbs, and shoved her head down.
            "Nooo! Not again!" She shrieked, and struggled with all her might, 
            but she was no match for the captain's capturing strength. 
            "Some naughty nymphs may enjoy having their bare bottoms spanked," 
            his bold announcement of her rambunctious reaction scalded her ears. 
            "But employees who continue to make their own rules aboard my ship 
            will end up with more than they bargained for when they tango with 
            me." A loud crack on her primed bottom sent wave upon wave of a 
            prickly stings singing over her mounds. She soon realized the pain 
            center of her brain had been nearly comatose during her first 
            spanking due to his strategic frenzy of sexual stimulation, because 
            without it, her hibernating bum woke up as if mauled by a grizzly 
            bear. She gyrated her hips madly, not in intimate invitation this 
            time, but in a useless attempt to dodge his punishing palm. 
            "Please-oh-please! I-I promise I'll never do it again!" she cajoled, 
            ready to bargain with Beelzebub if only he'd let her loose. 
            His humorless chuckle resonated through her pelvis. "You're damn 
            right you won't do it again. And you're going to take what's truly 
            coming to you with all of the bravado you use for all the wrong 
            reasons." 
            She stared at her discarded leggings tangled up with her white satin 
            panties lying under her nose as if she could mentally will them back 
            on. Keeping her thighs closed help hide her sex, but it made her 
            bottom protrude more, her flesh more giggly to the point where the 
            twelve cracks were so embarrassingly loud, she wanted to grab her 
            ears to muffle the sound. "I will! I will! But pleeease. M-make him 
            leave!" 
            "There wasn't a modest bone in your body when you danced with him." 
            His reminder of her seismic faults stung as much as the white palm 
            prints erupting on her roasted rump. "Now that your lap dancing with 
            me, why be shy?" 
            He released her wrist and she reared-up and blew her bangs out of 
            her eyes, seething at the petty officer while she galloped on 
            Caleb's knee. "If you don't g-get the fuck out of here, Shockley. 
            Owwwh! I swear I'll push you overboard when were at full steam! 
            Owhh!" 
            Caleb's shoved her so far down; she had to lock her elbows and 
            gripped the carpet to keep from landing on her face. 
            "You want steam?" The cracks came harder and faster, like the full 
            throttle of the ship. "You're in no position to make threats, Miss 
            O'Keefe. And if you continue to turn such a loving word between us 
            into filth, you'll be licking Irish Spring."
            She stifled the urge to hurl every curse issued from every Irish 
            immigrant that had ever traveled in steerage. "S-stop it! Ouch! 
            Owhh, gawd. It burns." She sucked breath through her teeth. "Oh 
            please, Caaaleb. It's so embarrassing!" 
            "As embarrassed as I felt during your peek a boo bump and grind 
            blatant threat to give it away to another? You really enjoyed 
            reminding me of what I've been missing with that show, didn't you? 
            In front of my parents no less." His verbal missiles hit as hard as 
            his hand. 
            "But this is none of his. Ooouch! Business," she gulped the word 
            with watering eyes and wondered if his arm ever got tired, prayed 
            that it would. 
            "Wrong," he roared like a fire-breathing dragon. "You made it 
            everyone's business when you recruited him in your scheme to get 
            your way." His open paw side swept her left cheek. "And I plan to 
            get to the bottom of that--" He whacked her wobbling right cheek 
            apart with the loudest crack ever. "Too." 
            "Ewhhh!" She bucked her frustrated hips and he unhinged his thigh 
            and thwarted her flat across his lap like so much fluff. "You can't 
            do this to me. Damn you!" She squirmed and jerked her bruised pride 
            under his infuriating hand. 
            "Funny..."He massaged her pulsating orbs, soothing the itchy burn 
            away until her rigid muscles melted. "Those where my exact thoughts 
            when I picked up the band microphone to propose and saw you act like 
            a bitch in heat." Her malleable mounds quivered around his deeply 
            sunk palm like a bolder plunked into Lake Placid. He began to spank 
            her again, methodically, with solid, ceaseless strokes that 
            resounded off the thin walls.

            In the adjoining stateroom, Gabriel Faulkner, the chief engineer of 
            the Majestic Bounty, who had also been breaking the 
            non-fraternizations rules, was about to step into the shower when he 
            heard the unmistakable sounds of an adult spanking. "Way to go, 
            Cap'n." Gabe smiled with even white teeth. "Give it to her good." He 
            leaned an ear closer to the overhead vent.
            Roberta DeMilo, a hairstylist with long chestnut spiral waves, and a 
            now blushing, heart shaped face, had stopped applying her lipstick 
            at the sink, her French manicured fingernails frozen in midair as 
            she also listened, overcome with a curious swooping pull at her 
            innards. She glanced sideways at her naked beau, a magnificent giant 
            from the top of his beautiful bald brown head, oarsman shoulders to. 
            . . How she would love to pull away the white towel from his 
            washboard waist and enjoy the rest. But she'd be late for work. "Sky 
            doesn't deserve to be treated like child," she commented.
            "You ladies kill me the way you stick up for each other. Even when 
            you're dead wrong. Men like me and the Cap'n don't risk their 
            careers over a woman unless they're in love."
            Roberta placed her hands on her hips. "Well some men think with 
            their penises." 
            "Seaman have easy access to a lot of female ports when off duty. 
            Only an idiot would chance a dismissal over simple slap and tickle. 
            No. He's in love. And how does she repay him? Did you see what she 
            pulled on the dance floor tonight?" 
            "Well, still... I feel sorry for her." Roberta winced in sympathy at 
            a distinctively loud crack and yelp, but the unavoidable sound track 
            of Sky's spanking sent another heated rush to her very core. Her 
            olive eyes widened when Gabriel dropped his towel. His cock seemed 
            to rise like the sword of an avenging angel, lengthening and turning 
            a darker hue with each muted smack. 
            "I should have spanked you too when you snuck off to the Islands 
            with her," Gabe growled as he came up behind her. His hazel eyes 
            locked with hers through the mirror as he bent her over the sink, 
            trucked up her black nylon smock and the hem of her summer white 
            skirt, yanked her hose and panties down to her ankles. "I want you 
            to think about the spanking you're going to get while you're styling 
            all those heads with that big pink vent brush that you going to 
            bring to me tonight." He smacked the dark knob of his formidable 
            shaft over her pleasingly plump white cleft. But this will have to 
            do." He thrust himself deep into her already well-lubricated vagina. 
            "For now." And with every resounding crack Caleb delivered on Sky's 
            behind; Gabriel slapped his body against Roberta's ample buttocks in 
            the same punishing rhythm. 
            "Ohh! Oh! Ohhhh! Oh Gawd!" They heard Sky's muffled moans, and with 
            visions of her own disciplinary drama dancing in her head, Roberta 
            found herself echoing similar sentiments while she shuddered into 
            sharp relief. And with the final, Crack! Crack! Crack! Gabriel's 
            cock twitched inside her, his volcanic eruption keeping time to the 
            spicy hot, spanking song. 

            "But-but--" Sky blubbered incoherently
            "If I hear one more word out of you, you'll find the first session 
            on your butt--" Caleb's hand descended in a raw verdict. "Was 
            foreplay. Do," his measured voice warned as his purposeful palm 
            stung her left cheek. "You." And her right cheek. "Understand?" He 
            hit dead center with the force of a sprung bear trap. 
            She clamped her mouth tight and shook her frantic head, ponytail 
            bobbing in complete capitulation. With a deep, fortifying breath, 
            she lowered her head and gripped his tree trunk of an ankle with 
            both hands, steeling herself for the next onslaught that would 
            surely make her die of humiliation or ignite her bravely proffered 
            bum. 
            Silence fell over the room and the heavy male breathing seemed to 
            roar in her ears and hang in the tense air.
            The wait was unbearable. 
            Excruciating. 
            She opened one cautious eyelid and saw that the stern palm posed 
            high above her was quite red from his efforts.
            "Now that we understand each other." Caleb's eyes wheeled away from 
            the sorry state of her sortie and he stabbed that mottled index 
            finger at the petty officer. "Face the music." He then noticed her 
            fearfully confused expression through the mirror. "I said look at 
            him," he said between his teeth.
            And she saw through the mirrors that Caleb had taken in her every 
            expression, as if he saw into the darkest, most private corners of 
            her soul, comprehended every emotion racing in her wild heart. All 
            the turbulent female desires at war with her newly submissive soul 
            seemed encapsulated in his watchful blue eyes, as if merely waiting 
            to be unleashed under his guidance. Nobody had ever cared enough to 
            spank her when she acted like a manipulative, spoiled brat. Wrapping 
            men like Shockley around her little finger had become second nature, 
            and they always seemed somehow lacking as a result. And what would 
            she be surrendering to Caleb in the end other than the negative, 
            self-defeating parts of herself? She already knew she would 
            experience a freedom of passion most women were afraid of, or by 
            years of conditioning were too repressed to let themselves feel. The 
            moment his eyes locked with hers, she realized he possessed some 
            gene unique only to utterly dominate males. Men with tidewater 
            flowing through their veins. Men who had made a lifelong vocation 
            out of commanding others. Men who believed in old-fashioned words 
            like honor, duty, and loyalty, not only thrived on the challenges of 
            an unpredictable sea; they had utmost respect for it, never 
            underestimating its power. And they clearly expected equal or 
            greater challenges in their respective mates. 
            "Is it any wonder we refer to the ocean as 'she'?" he answered her 
            very thoughts like some frightening clairvoyant, and under that 
            momentous and masculine gaze, Sky understood they were both equal 
            and opposing sides of polarities, that once pushed beyond the 
            critical barriers, were yanked into a magnetic field that held them 
            fast. . . And was indivisible in its combined power. "Ours is no 
            ordinary love," he added, and whether or not it was part warning, or 
            declaration, or both, he didn't have to tell her it would take one 
            hell of a women to submit mind and heart and soul and body while 
            still remaining true to herself. 
            A satisfied twinkle came into his electric blue eyes, and he nodded 
            his handsome dark head before turning his attention to the junior 
            officer. She felt him adjust his large frame for comfort, and he 
            rested his arms behind the high-backed chair while she lay over his 
            widely spread thighs, a willing subjugate. 
            Shockley coughed and licked his dry lips as if he knew something 
            important had transpired, as if the silent exchange he had witnessed 
            held a deeper significance than a simple good old-fashioned 
            spanking. "Permission to speak, Cap'n?" His voice caught oddly.
            "Only if quit looking at me as if you just had one of those enemas," 
            Caleb answered gruffly, and Sky wanted to cover her ears against his 
            words, deny the very existence of what lay inside the dreaded brown 
            bag. 
            "Well, I almost shit a brick when you ordered me to find this." 
            Shockley eyed her dress with a wistfulness he quickly shook off as 
            if possessed by madness. "Look. I may not exactly be one the Three 
            Wise Men, but I swear on my blessed mother's life, if I'd a known 
            she was your girl-"
            "I can't begin to imagine the grief my mother, who made a special 
            trip here to meet my intended, is feeling after that unholy show. I 
            was about to ask her to be my fiancé when she practically jumped on 
            your gun."
            Shockley tossed up his hands in a 'don't shoot' gesture. "Awh, 
            Cap'n. I didn't know any of this until I walked in here. All I did 
            was dance with her, sir. And dancing for horny women at private 
            parties may have paid my rent until I enlisted, but I joined up to 
            better myself. Not because I wanted to be shoved overboard at full 
            steam." 
            "Exactly how long has she been leading you on?" 
            "I couldn't warm up to him if we were cremated together!" Sky 
            shrilled. 
            Caleb pressed his fingers to the corners of his eyes. "Only one of 
            the reasons I fell in love with her," he said, struggling not to 
            laugh. "But if I give her an inch, she thinks she's a ruler. She's 
            also an incurable flirt with too much pepper up her ass," he added 
            soberly, and came up as stiff as the high-backed antique chair and 
            his arm swooped down to scoop her waist securely against his solid 
            center. "And in all my years of command." The muscles in his forearm 
            harden beneath his crisp, rolled sleeve as he raised his right hand 
            high. "The first shipmate to protest a charge is usually the one 
            who's guilty as sin." He delivered three serious, skin-incinerating 
            cracks that had her legs shooting out in the air in the most 
            undignified, inelegant way. 
            "Oh, God, Caaaleb. I-I is s-sorry!" She implored, squeezing his 
            thigh and digging her fingernails into granite.
            "I don't doubt it with your ass on the line." He gently rubbed the 
            sting out of his unabashed reference until her legs lowered. 
            "There's nothing funny about lying to me, is there?" He pressed her 
            head down, his fingers massaging her nape while his possessive palm 
            rested lax on her pulsating behind. 
            "No," she whimpered and a hot tear plopped onto the plush rug. 
            Whatever possessed her to think she could toy with such a man? To 
            actually believe she could lead him around by the nose like 
            Shockley, play him for a fool; have him dancing to her every tune? 
            "Your name suits you." His palm polished her skin with a sweet 
            circular friction. "The sky seems the be the limit when it comes to 
            you trying my patience's. Now," he skimmed a fingertip over her 
            cleft. "Are you going to hush up so I can get to the bottom of 
            this?" he asked softly, and she swallowed hard, and nodded, biting 
            back tears. "Just how long as she been batting her lashes at you, 
            Mister Shockley?" he cross-examined as if unmoved by her remorseful 
            acquiescence.
            "Bout' a month, I guess." The traitorous little twerp shrugged.
            "During your embargo..." Caleb surmised aloud and a riptide of fresh 
            fear flushed her into the deepest water of all.
            Shockley blinked in confusion. "Pardon me, sir?" 
            "I said her flirting was enough to make you wish you had her sail on 
            my boat," he stated, and Sky held her breath in hopes of hastening 
            her euthanasia. 
            "I had that wind knocked outta me the second I realized she was off 
            limits. Look, Cap'n. Sky used me to make you jealous and put me 
            between a rock and a hard place to boot. If I were you, I'd spank 
            her till role call. When I was hunting down this dress, I saw more 
            trouble than I asked for cause of her."
            Caleb lifted a dark brow. "Such as?"
            "Being transferred or hazed. Maybe even dismissed on some trumped up 
            charge. Hell, it's not like it's never been known to happen." 
            "Not on my ship," Caleb growled. "And since I'm not in the habit of 
            cold cocking a man for being sexually enticed by a women," he said, 
            slapping her bum sharply. "Or abusing my rank by locking him in the 
            brig, or worse." He delivered four more stinging spanks that had her 
            yelping. "You're going to play a small part in her punishment, Sam." 
            He rose like an awakening giant and set her, none to gently, on her 
            rubbery legs. He grabbed the red dress from Shockley's arm, scooped 
            her matching high heels up from the floor, and then placed the 
            entire caboodle into her fumbling arms. She covered herself as best 
            she could while his towering hulk blocked her. "And if she ever runs 
            into you after she learns the meaning of a Loyal Fleet." He tossed 
            the brown bag onto the chaise lounge, and it ripped, the contents 
            spilling out in an alarming array. "She'll run the other way." He 
            fixed her with a menacing stare. "Mortified. Much as I was tonight." 

            Her eyes flew wide. "Nooo!" she hollered, and he propelled her by 
            the small of her back through the front office, throwing open the 
            rear door. She dropped her things, stumbling over her dress and 
            shoes as he spanked her ahead. She turned to see him picking up her 
            things, and she used a rattan barstool as a barrier, longing for a 
            gulp of the Crown Royal he usually enjoyed before her embargo. He 
            wouldn't let him purge her! He couldn't! 
            Caleb stared at her fixedly as he headed toward her, and she flung 
            the stool aside and ran for the bedroom, leaping past an ocean of 
            black velvet on the four-poster mahogany bed. She skidded on the 
            sleek bathroom tiles and was about to slam and lock the door, but he 
            was there, filling the entry, his hand pushing the door wide. Light 
            suddenly sprawled over the black and gold powder room. Her dress 
            landed at her feet in a silken heap, and she looked up, blinking 
            under his angry glare. He reached for her hair, his fingers fumbled 
            into her lopsided ponytail, the rubber band snapped, and she 
            trembled when her messy tresses tumbled over her shoulders. 
            "I want you to come out to the bar looking exactly as you were on 
            that dance floor." He scattered her cosmetics across the marble 
            vanity, his fingers finding and grasping the handle of his tan, 
            black boar-bristled bath brush. When he smacked the big square of 
            wood against his palm, her bum twitched in response. He arched a 
            black brow. "It'll do," he added with unmistakable intent. 
            "Anything," she whimpered. "But just please, make him leave." 
            "You have always had a free will, although what you've done with it 
            lately remains to be seen. But make no mistake. If you choose to 
            leave? My bedroom door stays closed to you," he said thickly. 
            "Forever." 
            Tears blinded her eyes and choked her voice. "I want us to be 
            forever, Caleb." 
            "Forever, my darling, begins with trust. Not lies." He thumbed a 
            tear from her cheek. "And running a tight ship is similar to a 
            well-grounded marriage." He regarded her quizzically for a moment 
            and chucked her jaw, making her ponder how tall men held the power 
            to keep a woman's chin up, even when they didn't try. "I'm not sure 
            you're ready for such a serious commitment at this stage." 
            "Oh, you're wrong, Caleb," she gushed, her mind a crazy mixture of 
            hope for a future and a desolate fear of losing it all, of losing 
            him. 
            "Am I?" He removed his wristwatch, unfolded her fingers, and placed 
            it into her palm. "This should have been an engagement ring, Sky. As 
            it stands, you have fifteen minutes to jump ship or stay aboard this 
            relationship. . . Wherever it may lead. It's entirely up to you." He 
            gently closed the door on her alarmed face. 
            Unlike Scarlet O'Hara, she didn't have the luxury of thinking about 
            it until tomorrow. She moved swiftly, deftly dressing under the 
            muffled sounds of masculine voices moving into the adjacent room. 
            Their mutual chuckles gave her pause . . . and had her pondering the 
            purging punishment they plotted. . . . 
            Caleb righted the rattan stool and motioned for Shockley to take a 
            seat. He then made his way behind the bar, setting the Fleet boxes 
            atop. He selected a bottle of Crown Royal; pouring it into two blue 
            tumblers, half full, not empty, to his way of thinking. He noticed 
            how Shockley stared at the enema boxes, his whole demeanor 
            reminiscent of a nervous, albeit rather horny, turkey in November. 
            He clinked his glass to his. "Here's to love. The only fire against 
            which there is no insurance," he toasted, and when Shockley went 
            into a coughing fit, he thumped him on the back. "Experience is 
            nothing but a fancy word for mistakes," he chuckled. "Especially 
            when it comes to women. Some are like sirens that'll lure men into 
            the deep with their enchanting song and then drown the sorry bastard 
            for his trouble."
            "Cap'n . . . excuse me for my ignorance but I'm not sure what the 
            hell you're talking about."
            " Relax, Sam. This was never about me being jealous of you. Although 
            she's been unreasonably green of me. Sky uses her sex as a weapon 
            against men, and it backfired on her shapely rumba." 
            "Man Cap'n. It was as red as the moon is out there tonight."
            "Red Sky at night is a sailors delight," he grinned wolfishly. 
            "Well, the female bottom is without a doubt the loveliest sight 
            known to man, eh? And the view when she's over your knee and 
            willingly offering you complete control is a pretty potent stuff. 
            But there's a big difference between an erotic spanking than from 
            letting her know you wont tolerate her bad behavior. Sky learned 
            that difference tonight. If you want to try it, I suggest you first 
            warm your own girl to the idea with foreplay. If she's submissively 
            receptive, believe me, you'll know. And be wary of the word 
            'submissive', because these women are in truth, anything but. Pun 
            intended." 
            "Maybe in the olden days, there were fewer divorces and because the 
            differences were settled out in the woodshed, not in court?" 
            "I've never had any compunction about spanking a women either 
            erotically or as a disciplinary measure. But then again, I am in a 
            position where I expect people to follow my orders because I am 
            responsible for the health and welfare of a lot of lives. So while 
            I'm secure in my decisions and actions, because I better be, my 
            dominant behavior doesn't necessary hold true for others. Now, 
            goodnight, sailor. I have a long, and hopefully, a more delightful 
            night ahead of me." 
            "You want me to leave?" Shockley looked so dumfounded; he had a hard 
            time stifling the urge to laugh.
            Caleb shook his amused head, wondering how many others beside he and 
            Sky had taken the private plunge into the pool in their birthday 
            suits.
            Sam's eyes danced. "You don't miss much, do you, Cap'n?" 
            "I certainly don't want you to stay for my finale, grand as it may 
            be." 
            "But I thought, ahh... well," he stammered. "The way you threw that 
            bag and said I was going to play a part in her punishment."
            "You have. She's in there sweating bullets over my bag. And if I 
            know Sky, and believe me I do, she'll come out spitting like a wild 
            cat and I'll have to take her over my knee to tame her again. But, 
            once she realizes you're gone, she will have learned the most 
            important lesson of all."
            Shockley whipped off his hat and scratched his head. "Which is what 
            Cap'n?"
            "To never play head games with a military strategist." He swirled 
            his drink and then drained it.
            "If you don't mind my saying, Cap'n. You're one kinky master of your 
            domain."
            He had to laugh at that. "Absolutely. If everyone sang in the same 
            key, we'd never have harmony." He set his empty glass down with a 
            decided thud. "And I believe in domestic harmony. She will greet the 
            new day more serene and womanly and less of a wild child. Once I put 
            out the fire in her feisty behind, of course. Now goodnight, Mister 
            Shockley," he said more forcefully, the expression in his sea blue 
            eyes unmistakably dismissive.







            Chapter Four

            Sam clutched the shiny brass doorknob, ready to exit the captain's 
            office. Before he lost all his gumption, he swung around to face his 
            superior officer. "Ahh, this spanking thing." He removed his hat, 
            and raked his fingers through his curls. " It has me wondering. Oh. 
            Forget it." He waved, returning his hat to his head. "I'll just take 
            a cold shower." 
            While he knew his petty officer was quite capable of verbalizing 
            every detail of Sky's spanking to any scuttlebutt that cared to 
            listen by a water cooler--which only served Sky right after her 
            mischief--he felt sorry for the seaman. Sam had been a victim of 
            Sky's scheming. He'd been on an emotional seesaw of thinking she was 
            unattached and hoping there might be a romantic chance, to fearing 
            he'd lose his job because he ever laid eyes on her-- and then 
            wishing he hadn't. He could hardly blame Sam for wanting to throttle 
            the incorrigible little tease himself, Caleb mused, and then locked 
            the door to his cabin in order to momentary detain Sky, if the need 
            arose, as he suspected it would, and shortly. He not only owed Sam a 
            few minutes of his time, but his responsibility to the crew and 
            passengers took precedence over his personal life and problems. If 
            Sky wanted to become Mrs. Pennworth, she had to realize his world 
            couldn't always revolve around her. Maybe under his firm but caring 
            guidance she would eventually grow secure enough in his love, and in 
            herself, to stop jealously viewing the Majestic Bounty as a mistress 
            she must compete with. He needed her to work with him, not against 
            him, if there was ever to be a chance of any connubial harmony. 
            Caleb dropped into his swivel chair and he leaned back into tufted 
            leather while Sam paced before his spacious desk. "For cryin' out 
            loud, man. Spit those canary feathers out of your mouth, and be 
            quick about it!" 
            "Don't get me wrong, Cap'n. I am not lusting after what is yours." 
            Sam stopped and gave him a search light look, as if seeking 
            confirmation of his sincerity before he ventured into safer waters. 
            I mean it's not like I've seen nothing new of her tonight. Sky and 
            her girlfriends always wear those thong bikinis."
            "It may be a common site among some of our female vacationers aboard 
            my ship, but Sky knows . . . employees and crew are expressly 
            forbidden to parade about with their asses on display."
            "Well, no. They don't wear them onboard, sir. But I've seen them 
            romping about like that on shore leave."
            "Oh really?" Caleb tamped down his annoyance at yet another 
            unacceptable practice for the future Mrs. Pennworth. "She gives 
            'liberty' new meaning, does she?"
            "I've seen her shaking her shimmy on the beaches with her 
            girlfriends, Marta Peru, you know, the pharmacist in the Binnacle 
            Store? And that other one, Roberta DeMilo, she's--" 
            "Yes, I know. Our hairstylist extraordinaire." 
            "Well, I like to hang ten, Cap'n, and I was looking for the best 
            waves, trying to find a more secluded area of the beach to surf. 
            They didn't see me at first, but they sure looked like they were 
            having a time of it, all rip-roaring drunk too by the sounds of it. 
            Oh, hell, Cap'n," he hedged. "I don't have the heart to tell you the 
            rest. Sky's butt's already red enough. I better get going."
            "No. Now that you opened this new can of worms. Please continue."
            "Sky, Roberta, and Marta, ahh, they were building a sandcastle."
            "Other than being three sheets to the wind and wearing thongs, it 
            sounds innocuous enough."
            "They were as naked as the day they were born, sir. It was a nude 
            beach."
            He recalled questioning Sky about her absence of tan lines and he 
            half wondered if she was capable of telling the truth in her own 
            diary. So . . . her uniformly golden brown skin was not entirely 
            achieved from inside the tanning salons, but he'd certainly give her 
            a twenty-minute tanning session of his own for lying to him. Again.
            "But the craziest thing," Shockley went on. "I was sure that none of 
            them were authorized for a shore leave that day. When I called 'em 
            on it, I'd like to split a gut laughing at they way they high-tailed 
            it into the ocean. Sky and Roberta ducked down in the water. They 
            looked really embarrassed. But that Marta Peru? She may look shy 
            behind the counter in the Binnacle Store, so I'll bet it was the 
            drink talking, but she stood straight up with her hands on her hips 
            and tits sticking out. And the little bitch called me every foul 
            name in the book. Swore she'd yank my Charley Noble right off and 
            toss it to the sharks if I told on them. I wanted to haul her ass 
            right outta that water and spank it. Ever get the feeling they're 
            just asking for it--without asking for it? I've always had a 
            powerful hankering to spank a naughty hell-raiser like that Marta, 
            just like you did with your Sky."
            His petty officer was unknowingly offering him a solution to a very 
            serious problem that had been giving him more than a few sleepless 
            nights. "So why don't you visit Marta Peru and settle that 
            unresolved itch on your palm?" he planted the seed. 
            Sam puffed out his chest like rooster ready for the hen house. "You 
            know . . . when I signed for those Fleets in the Binnacle Store, 
            Marta said she knew a better cure for constipation if I was 
            interested. But I was too nervous about being tossed overboard at 
            full steam to pay much mind." They both laughed at that, and then 
            Sam's laughter stalled. "Yeah, but I thought employees and crew 
            dating each other was grounds for dismissal." 
            "One of the other declarations I didn't get to announce over the 
            microphone was how the executives ended those antiquated cruise 
            regulations. Not just for me, but for all. I guess this means my 
            chief engineer can come out the boiler room over his steamy affair 
            with, Roberta."
            "You don't miss a trick do you, Cap'n?'

            "No." Caleb raised both brows. "And with your help, perhaps I can--" 
            He was interrupted by a loud crash of shattering glass, as if Sky 
            had chucked, something--the bath brush at the liquor cabinet--he 
            guessed, by the sounds of it. Silence then fell, as if the red haze 
            cleared and she suddenly realized she was alone in the room. The 
            doorknob jiggled behind him and she pounded on it like a house 
            arrest. 
            "Alright! Let me out of here," Sky shrilled. "Ewh!" she kicked it. 
            "Do you here me, Caleb! I want out!" 
            Caleb held a silencing finger to his lips and then pressed a button 
            on his phone, essentially hailing himself from an inside line. The 
            men listened to the persistent ringing from both the desk and behind 
            the door. 
            "What!" Sky answered as if ready to jump through the wires and 
            strangle the disrupter of her justified tizzy with the cord. 
            "Simmer down!" Caleb barked into the intercom. 
            "Go straight to hell," she fired back, and Sam winced at her idiocy.
            "The only way to straighten you out is to bend you over, Miss 
            O'Keefe," his tone was velvet edge in steel. "You may be one of the 
            most beautiful, wonderfully witty women I ever met, but lately you 
            don't smart enough in the right place. Did it ever occur to you that 
            I might have been called away over sudden storm conditions or some 
            other impending ship business?"
            "Is there a storm brewing?" she asked, suddenly fearful.
            "Only within these walls," he muttered satirically. "I suggest that 
            whatever you broke during your tantrum, you clean up. Immediately, 
            if not sooner. And take care not to cut yourself." 
            "No! Would you like to know what I want to cut off right now?"
            "I believe you've already done that, honey," his words were playful 
            but his meaning was not. "For more than a month."
            "Well you're bedroom door can stay closed until doomsday for all I 
            care," she plunged on. "Because I'm leaving you."
            "Oh? Why's that?" he inquired, blasé.
            "You know damned well why! You may be a backdoor man, but if you 
            think for one minute I'll ever permit Popeye The Sailorman to stick 
            anything up my behind, not once, but twice, your deluded!" 
            Caleb wiped the grin from his exasperated face. "Have a little more 
            respect for my crewman and refrain from name-calling, Olive Oil." He 
            tapped a pencil on his desk. "Why blame Sam for a web of your own 
            weaving?"
            "Sam? Oh, so now you're on a first name basis are you? Well, I more 
            than paid for my Dances With Wolves when Sam watched you spank me," 
            she seethed.
            "I agree."
            "You do?"
            "And I never at any time ever intended to allow another man to touch 
            you in such an intimate way, Sky," he informed plainly.
            "Huh?"
            "You heard me." 
            "But you said--"
            "How does feel to be on the receiving end of your own brand of 
            manipulative medicine, Missy?" Her long and silent pause told him 
            his point had been well taken. He could almost picture her twisting 
            the telephone cord as her stomach did the same. 
            "Not very good," she finally answered in a small, very different 
            tone of voice. "I was wondering how you could even suggest such a 
            thing after you found my dancing with him so unholy." 
            "It was unholy. But I'm pleased you feel so strongly about not 
            having another man touch you. You gave me plenty of reason to wonder 
            about that." 
            "Oh, God, Caleb," she gushed. "I know. I gave you reason to wonder 
            about a lot of things. How could I ever treat the man I adore so 
            abysmally? I know you don't believe me, and I don't blame you after 
            all my lies. But I'm sorry. I really, really am."
            "I believe you," he replied with a sympathetic sigh. "I wouldn't 
            have bothered to--"
            "I deserved to be spanked!" she expounded. "I've been totally out of 
            control. Absolutely horrid. I'm going to make it all up to you, 
            apologize to your parents, stop being jealous of--"
            "So you agree you need a man strong enough to guide you, show you 
            all the attention you crave, put you in your place when you need 
it?"
            "I needed it tonight, Caleb," she agreed wholeheartedly. "I need you 
            in my life. I can be my own worst enemy. I somehow lost my compass 
            and you gave me new direction. Unbelievably, that spanking made me 
            feel, I don't know, so much better. Brand new. Motivated to 
improve."
            "I'm glad the discipline inflicted on the one end made an impression 
            the other. But setting limits and standards on yourself so others 
            won't have to, is always the best course. I'd much rather share 
            laughter and kisses with you, and spankings of a sweeter nature."
            "Oh, Caleb, you've open so many doors for me tonight . . ." she 
            sounded so sweet, so like her old self, the women he adored. "Open 
            this one now, darling," she cooed. "Let me welcome you with open 
            arms. Make love to me? I've missed you. . . So much." 
            He didn't think he'd been this tempted since he had battled with 
            frustration and lust after the first time he'd laid eyes on her. Sky 
            had emerged from the pool, hair seal slick and diamond droplets on 
            her lashes, and her covetous eight knot figure was barely clad in a 
            dripping, eclectic blue string bikini that had him holding his 
            breath, fearful of drowning. 'Pool's not open to the public for 
            another two hours,' she informed him, obviously not recognizing him 
            out of uniform, an annoyed that her private swim had been 
            interrupted. 
            'I believe you can make an exception for me,' he had answered with a 
            dry throat. 
            'I don't make the rules, mister.' She had shrugged, still without 
            making direct eye contact and toweling her hair, and then she 
            sashayed away with a curvy sashay his hand itched to smack. 
            "But I do." That stopped her mid stride and she swung around. 
            'Is that a proposal?' She asked in a bored voice, retying the 
            strings at her hip. "You 'do' what?" 

            'I make the rules aboard this ship.' 
            She looked up at him, pretty face falling with recognition. And so 
            it went. . . The first spark that lit the fuse to the heat-seeking 
            missile on his prohibited affair. 

            "Caleb . . .?" her questing voice brought him out of his lusty 
            reminiscence. "Let's make love."
            He reminded himself that when he had told her 'he made the rules' on 
            that fated first day, she had systematically set out to break every 
            single one from there-on- after. "What about your bottom? He cleared 
            the final crossroad in his throat. "Is it terribly sore?" 
            "Oh, only a bit where the brush broke," she sang. "It left a tiny 
            mark like a love bite. But the rest's not as red anymore," she 
            chirped, and he could picture her twisting around to view her 
            delightful derriere. "Actually . . . it feels much better," she 
            purred. "So if you're worried about--"
            "Good," he cut her off at the pass. "I thought I might have to wait 
            until morning to re-heat it." He let her hang in stunned silence. 
            "Pardon me?" she asked, denying the inevitable.
            "I can't pardon you when it comes to undermining my authority aboard 
            this ship. I can't let it slide simply because we're lovers, Sky. 
            For one, favoritism is counterproductive example to set. And if 
            you're ever to become Mrs. Pennworth, it's time you learned that 
            your actions may be your own, but the consequences are not. Now. . . 
            Do you still want to leave?"
            "No," her shaky little girl voice was barely audible. 
            "Are you're going to do exactly as I say? Listen very carefully to 
            my orders, to the letter, this time?" 
            "Yes," she sighed forlornly. 
            He slid the pencil into the holder. "Yes what?"
            "Yes, sir," she replied dutifully. 
            He scrubbed his face with his hands. "Press the speakerphone button 
            before you hang up." He waited for her click. "Can you still hear 
            me?"
            "Yes, sir," her voice rose an octave.
            "I want you to stand in the nearest corner with your nose to the 
            wall. And I hope for your sake you're wearing that red dress I asked 
            you to put on the first time because you're in enough trouble as it 
            is," he instructed sternly. 

            "Can I burn it when this is over?" 
            "After I burn your abaft with that bath brush you threw. Now hike 
            that sexy red number up in the back and hold it around your hips. 
            Have you done that?"
            "Yes, sir," she answered miserably.
            He could almost see her face flame in the corner of his minds eye. 
            "Good. Those stringy panties you're so fond of sporting and not 
            sporting on the nude beaches? They should exhibit your cute little 
            Coppertone bum to perfection when I tan it. . . Without the aid of 
            oil. In fact, you're going to need Solar Cain by the time I'm 
            through. But before I join you, it won't hurt you to reflect on your 
            misdeeds."
            "I don't want to think about how horrid I've been anymore," she 
            whined. "My brain is sore. I want to get it over with now. Standing 
            here feels more awful than when Shockley watched." 
            "Well, now that you've mentioned Sam, I want you to listen, very 
            carefully, to my conversation with him."
            "He's in there with you!" 
            "He won't be once I open that door. So open your ears and keep your 
            mouth closed if know what's good for you, because I'm in no mood to 
            repeat myself. I've been up since five this morning and it's now," 
            he eyed his hairy wrist. "You have my watch. What is the time?"
            "You've been up for 20 hours but I feel like I've been in this 
            corner for twenty years."
            "Well now that sleep is out of the question," he said testily. 
            "Listen and absorb. I want you to understand exactly why I'm going 
            to spank the living daylights out of you. Again." He rolled back his 
            chair, stood up, and pushed his hands deep into his pockets. 
            "Mister, Shockley?"
            "I'm all ears, Cap'n." 
            "Marta Peru, Roberta DeMilo, and Sky O'Keefe are fond of stowing 
            away on the passenger tenders for unauthorized shore excursions to 
            the islands," Caleb supplied. "And they acquired, and I use the term 
            lightly, the motorized inflatable on their last jaunt." 
            "That's grounds for immediate dismissal, Cap'n." 
            "Absolutely. But I'm offering them a choice of termination or 
            corporal punishment. You have my permission to take Marta to task 
            for her insubordination since she's keen on you. And I want you to 
            pass this on to my chief engineer where Roberta is concerned. It is 
            either that, or the sack, and I don't mean bed. As I said, they have 
            a choice. And they leave me no other choice, since revoking their 
            ship privileges hasn't corrected the problem. If Marta bulks, you 
            may want to remind her that when she was swinging on the bow rail 
            like a drunken sailor she would've have fallen if I wouldn't have 
            happened along." 
            "Good point." Sam grinned from ear to ear.
            "And she wasn't seasick when she tossed, I believe it was too much 
            tequila, onto the promenade deck. It was highly unfair to my 
            deckhands that she didn't clean it up herself. And you can tell her 
            . . . 'I'm' the one who carried her to her cabin that night . . . 
            since I know Marta doesn't remember how she got there. And Sky and 
            Roberta? I hear their singing not only woke up half the passengers 
            on deck four during the wee hours, but their dirty ditties could 
            have curled every head of hair in Roberta's salon. The next day the 
            passenger's complaints filled three answering machines. Seems nobody 
            had opened the Binnacle Store, the hair salon, or the fitness rooms. 
            The girls were too busy sleeping it off." 
            "Passenger complaints are not what were about, Cap'n."
            "Now I realize how hard everyone works to keep the wheels of their 
            vacations turning. There're days when tact is the ability to make 
            them feel at home even when you wished that they were. That's why I 
            have no objections to the crew or employees letting off steam when 
            off duty," he said in a calm voice. "I have no objection to an 
            occasional hall or cabin party when it's kept to your end of the 
            ship," he used the same tone. "But I have every objection to 
            employees who are paid to cater to their whims and are disturbing 
            their sea of tranquility!" he hollered and her bottom actually 
            flinched at the tongue-lashing. "Would you like me to sail a flag of 
            my true colors, Miss O'Keefe, or do I make myself clear?"
            "Perfectly, sir."
            "Good. Because you and your girlfriends are the worst offenders." 
            "I'll speak to them about it, Caleb," Sky offered.
            "As only a ringleader should. And that's not all, Mister Shockley. 
            These beautiful partners in crime may resemble angels, but they are 
            playing with the devil and the deep blue with these boat jaunts. 
            They're damned lucky I didn't decide to blow the bilges when they 
            cast off, because I could have capsized that inflatable, and none of 
            them were in any condition to swim. Even sober, the backwash from 
            this vessel would have sucked them under the keel. But they made it 
            to land, didn't they? God bless their Irish, Italian, and Brazilian 
            hearts. We eat wild oats for breakfast. Made it past the coastguard, 
            too. If they would've been caught, operating a boat under the 
            influence may carry a heavy fine for a first time offenders in our 
            own waters, but these Islands though beautiful, are still located in 
            a third world country. Incarceration in these jails would be a 
            nightmare. Did I mention Marta's hair wreaked of marijuana?"
            "No, Cap'n. First I heard tell of this bad news."
            "Well, it would take years to spring them on that sort of bust, even 
            with the help of Amnesty International. And if there are any illegal 
            substances aboard my ship, Miss O'Keefe? It better be fish food by 
            morning." 
            "Yes, I see what you mean about the consequences of my actions, 
            sir." 
            He chuckled without humor. "You're going to feel them, too. So you 
            see, Mister Shockley, I would be doubly grateful if you and Gabriel 
            could make Marta and Roberta see the lighthouse so to speak." 
            Leaning in toward his desk he yelled the last, "Because I already 
            have my hands more than full between trying to run a tight ship 
            without dealing with your irresponsible bullshit!" He smacked the 
            button off, not wanting her to hear the rest, and leaving her with 
            plenty to ponder while her shaking little red shoes and cooling 
            bottom awaited the third and final act of her punishment play. He 
            half wondered if he'd have any energy left for his intimate encore, 
            but he was determined she'd get it from him, and in more ways than 
            one. And she would welcome him home into that virginal little port 
            of call, and gladly. 
            "If you ask me, a spanking for these girls is getting off easy." Sam 
            shook his head at the gravity of their actions. "You're a fair and 
            just man, Cap'n." 
            "I doubt they'll agree when they have a hard time sitting at my 
            dinning table tomorrow night," he grumbled, and he scrutinized 
            Shockley with a somewhat jaundiced eye. While he didn't particularly 
            care for whistle blowers, his petty officer fit the bill, and could 
            see no other alternative in protecting these women from themselves. 
            "I'm giving you a direct order to keep a covert eye on these sea 
            sirens. I want to know if any of them are planning any more 
            shenanigans. Aside from nipping any international incidents in the 
            bud, they spell nothing but trouble when they get together. They're 
            enough to make Pollyanna go on Prozac." 
            "Proud to be in your service, Cap'n. Marta has a hitch in her jig- 
            along that could fill an guys hands to overflowing," Sam waggled his 
            brows. "Hear Brazilian girls like to tango, too." 
            "Course-plotting a female back on the proper heading is not always 
            pleasant. But once they have learned their lesson and all is 
            forgiven, theirs is the sweetest sailing of all, and well worth the 
            effort. But be warned, sailor. Don't ever be fooled by their sweet 
            serenity after you've steered their rudders leeward. Women are as 
            unpredictable as the sea. Their true natures will rise up like a 
            tsunami and hit you astern when you least expect it. And take care 
            not to fall asleep while you're at the helm. . . Or they'll run you 
            aground." 
            SAILORS DELIGHT


            Chapter Five 

            Captain Pennworth filled the entry with battle ship solidarity, his 
            hands on his white clad hips and his muscular legs planted wide. He 
            scrutinized her standing dutifully in the corner, slowly taking in 
            her scarlet dress, the flounces gathered up around her hips, his 
            gaze lingering on her sun bronzed, bottom cheeks delineated by a 
            mere red string. She made a move to face him. "Stay right where you 
            are!" he ordered, his voice was hoarse from overuse. "And not a word 
            out of you. I plan to look at you for a good long while before I 
            spank you." He lit and cuffed a cigar to life, sank into a leather 
            chair, and with his hands planted on the rolling arms, his posture 
            and pose reminded her of Lincoln's stern statue. 
            While he brazenly studied the now hated outfit, Sky remembered how 
            she had imagined how wonderfully sexy a peek of her gartered 
            stockings would look while she tangoed. When she had tripped, and 
            her dress had flown up like Marilynn Monroe's famous photo, the 
            momentary embarrassment she suffered was nothing compared to this. 
            She felt ridiculous in her strappy high heels, standing in the 
            corner, with her naughty bum on display, awaiting a spanking. But 
            why-oh-why did her body betray her with this ever-present pulsing 
            between her legs? Would her partners in crime respond in the same 
            way? And she realized just how humiliated Caleb must have felt 
            during her whorish dance in front of his parents. He'd forgiven her 
            for that, just as he'd pardoned her for shamelessly leading Shockley 
            on because he happened to be a good dancer and was a looker who'd 
            compliment her on the dance floor. Knowing that Shockley had a big 
            mouth, and hoping he would help spread rumors that that they might 
            become an item would shake Caleb up and make him take action . . . 
            although a spanking wasn't exactly the action or the attention she 
            had counted on. 
            She'd been so insanely jealous of the flirtatious featherbrains who 
            were interested everything about him. And why wouldn't a handsome, 
            single, successful, charming, humorous man who could carry on a 
            conversation without making a person snore intrigue them? She should 
            have been secure in his devotion after he willing risked his career, 
            everything he held dear, for her. She'd be engaged to married and 
            celebrating the fact by now if she had not stupidly doubted his 
            love. If she had trusted him, had talked to him about her fears and 
            insecurities, and not worried so much about her damnable pride, none 
            of this would have happened. She brought it all on herself. 

            Something in her make-up had made her feel revalidated and 
            revitalized by being taken to task. No one ever cared enough to put 
            a stop to bad behavior and set her back on the right track. She 
            hadn't the foggiest notion why she reacted so positively or sexually 
            to this sort of attention. Before she met Caleb, if any other man 
            would have attempted anything of the sort, she probably would have 
            kneed him in the balls. But then she had never loved the others . . 
            . or respected them very much. She was used to twisting men around 
            her little finger, but Caleb saw past a pretty face and cared for 
            her as a person, faults, and all. If she skated on thin ice around 
            him, she'd find herself in hot water. It was as simple as that. 
            Deciding to take Caleb's advice and not to think it to death, 
            realizing some things were meant to remain a mystery, she considered 
            herself lucky to have found a supportive, devoted, and lusty lover 
            who could be as kind and gentle, as he was stern. Caleb would never 
            have spanked her without good reason, and she had given him plenty! 
            She had provoked him beyond the limits. Any male worth his salt had 
            a limit. She certainly didn't want to breeze down the isle of no 
            returns with a Mister Milquetoast who would ask her how high he 
            should jump before he said I do. 
            And he had forgiven her for all that, but not allowing her to speak 
            now, making her wait, and wait and wait so submissively in this 
            utterly embarrassing corner, all the while smoking his cigar and 
            staring, contemplating her bottom like a slave at auction while her 
            mind remorsefully reviewed her misdeeds . . . but breaking the ship 
            rules had yet to be addressed. And her anxiety and trepidation grew 
            to astronomical proportions. She fidgeted under his unwavering stare 
            and began to wonder . . . what would he do to her now with that 
            fleet's awaiting, and just how painful would this lesson be? She 
            couldn't bear another moment of this torture! "You're not going to 
            purge me with those . . . are you?'" she blurted, fearfully eyeing 
            the Fleet boxes atop the bar.

            Caleb crushed out the cigar, raked his fingers back though his 
            silver threaded hair, and then he strode to the leather chaise 
            lounge and fixed her with a no-nonsense stare. "No, " he said as if 
            speaking to a child who annoyed him. "Lucky for you, I decided that 
            would be counterproductive to my plans to navigate my neglected Moby 
            into that uncharted, sunless region yours. But make no mistake. If 
            you EVER rock my boat again with your antics -- I won't hesitate to 
            use them. Now. Find that bath brush you threw and get over here." 
            She flew out of the despised corner. Noticing a shiny black box on 
            the accent table with red and gold oriental lettering, she raised 
            her questioning eyes to him. 
            "You'll find out soon enough," he said, his implacable expression 
            unnerving. "And if you bulk, even once, you'll get a preface 
            spanking on your naughty addendum."
            She handed him the bath brush and he set it on the table. "On the 
            end of the chaise lounge. Now!" 
            With her high heels pointed at his knees, she held the hemline of 
            her dress tight across her rump, bunching it at the sides. The 
            abundance of red silk up front was maddening as she scooted her 
            knees flush against her breasts. 
            "Take your hands away."
            The red silk slipped down over the small of her back towards her 
            upside-down head and the rush of cool air on her naked buttocks made 
            her silently curse the red string . . . but thankfully . . . the 
            scanty panty shielded her damp vulva. 
            "Don't pretend you're not nubile. Reach your butt up to the sky. It 
            doesn't count unless it burns, isn't that what you tell them in your 
            classes? Well I'm going to give you a bun burning exercise you're 
            not likely to forget. Up I said! Get that pretty petunia 
            perpendicular so I can see all of it." He tucked the folds of her 
            dress into her garter belt and then hooked a finger under the 
            string, and with each little tug and hoist he gave her, she 
            lubricated even more. "Do you understand why you need this?" The 
            string gave way, and he whisked away the triangle gusset covering 
            her denuded lips, her creamy secret revealed.
            He rummaged at the reading table. "Are you going to hold still 
            through this modus operandi?" When he opened the lid to the shiny 
            black teak case, she caught a glimpse of red velvet out of the 
            corner of her eye, but she was unable to view the contents inside 
            from her headstand. She heard plastic cellophane crinkle and tear. 
            "Well?"
            "Yes, " she whimpered, and then the touch of his dominant fingers 
            prying her cheeks open made her dizzy. Something oily. . And with a 
            strong spicy scent dribbled over her anal opening and coursed down 
            her swollen nether lips onto her throbbing clitoris, mingling with 
            her guilty juices. 
            His possessive hands came away. "Spread them apart for me. Wider! 
            Good. Hold them open like that." He worked his index finger 
            gradually, gently into her tight anal aperture. "Relax your 
            sphincter," he coaxed until the ring of muscle gave way and his 
            digit was fully sheathed. When his hefty finger moved in and out of 
            her rectal canal, lubricating her, it was so embarrassing, yet it 
            spread further heat throughout her sex, driving her mad with a soft, 
            sensual motion she never thought would illicit such pleasure, and 
            her mortification at this unwanted response increase immeasurably. 
            "This will help prepare you for my navigation into this virginal 
            port of call." He smacked her with one hand, not very hard, on 
            either side of his sheath finger until her flesh re-bloomed with a 
            rosy glow. 
            "Ohh, stop," she pleaded with a flaming face.
            "Why?" He withdrew his finger. "It can't possibly hurt."
            "No. It feels wonderful," she purred and wiggled her hips in 
            invitation.
            "You're not supposed to enjoy it," he growled "You're meant to take 
            everything I said to you in there seriously. 'Wonderful' will come 
            after I spank the living daylights out of you." Her eyes widened 
            when he held a glistening, six-inch long, flesh-colored rubber 
            phallus in front of her nose. It was pointed at the tip, very wide 
            at the end, where it narrowed quite sharply before a flanged cap 
            that she assumed would protrude. She moaned in protest as he placed 
            the tip to her tiny pink rosette and began to screw it in 
            bit-by-bit, reaming her slowly.
            Her sphincter ring rebelled against the final intrusion. "Oh it's 
            too wide there! It'll tear me! I can't." She clenched her cheeks and 
            pushed with an expelling grimace, but he held it still and fast.
            "Relax. Don't fight it." He finger-fucked her fast and furiously, 
            until she felt the hysteria of pleasure rising up in her throat. 
            "The feeling of being filled, along will the girth of the plug will 
            help accustom you for my larger entry." Desire for him overrode 
            everything else, and her rectum welcomed the absolute width and 
            depth, her anal ring clamping around the narrow like pursed lips, 
            and fully packed, and capped, a loud cry escaped her lips. Her body 
            shuddered, flooding, an uncontrolled dam break of delirium. "Seems 
            your embargo affected you more than me," he gave a half laugh, and 
            then he hauled her hips up, abruptly bringing her up onto her feet. 
            Unzipping her dress, his was breath warm and heavy on her nape. He 
            tugged the tucked flounces out of the garter belt circling her tiny 
            waist. The material fell in a silken pool of around her ankles. He 
            helped her to step out of the crimson circle, and he shoved it aside 
            with his shoe. Caleb then swung her around, and he roughly freed her 
            breasts from her matching demi bra. With her nipples jutting out at 
            him like twin rubies, and dressed in nothing but her whorish 
            garters, thigh high stockings, and ridiculously high heels, she felt 
            more exposed than if stark naked. He gave her long and slow dust up 
            before he reclined on the chaise lounge. With his long masculine 
            legs stretched out in front of him, he crooked a stern finger and 
            indicated his lap with the onerous bath brush. "Climb aboard." 

            The chaise was s low; her knees and elbows rested easily on the 
            carpet while his hard mizzenmast of a cock traversed the soft flesh 
            of her tummy. He tapped the slim, long brush handle, repeatedly, 
            over the plug, not very hard, but it electrified her moist core with 
            other shocking sensations that she knew would eventually mimic the 
            motion of his Moby. When the brush smacked down beside the plug, it 
            wasn't terribly painful. . Her bottom quickly warmed and pinked as 
            he alternated smacks from cheek to cheek. And his toy . . . it 
            definitely made her more sensitive to every stinging crack imparted. 
            Why her sex throb almost continuously while she imagined him taking 
            her there! Her hips ascended to greet each descending spank, 
            encouraging him. 

            "Are you ever going undermine my rules aboard this ship again?" His 
            curt voice lashed at her with resurgence of renewed and sudden anger 
            that made her stomach drop forty floors. He began to smack her much 
            harder and faster then, with unremitting thoroughness, until she 
            forgot about the new and pleasurable sensations of the plug, until 
            the deep, and increasingly forceful, muscle pounding made her 
            rebounding, jiggling orbs bloom like two red hot house orchids. 
            "Yeow! Please stop. Please now!" She dug her fingernails into the 
            carpet; the pointed toes of strappy red shoes did a little dance, 
            the heels pumping up and down in a crazy fandango out of time with 
            the rhythm of the hated brush. "I promise! I'll be good! I swear 
            tah' gaaaawd. I'll never ever mess with you again," she had no idea 
            what she was saying as she wiggled like an insane eel. When he 
            dropped the hated meat cleaver of a paddle on the floor, she thanked 
            her lucky stars, but before she could recover her breath, he began 
            to plow his cupped palm upward at his favored targets, persistently 
            striking the two lowest bull eyes and driving her forward with more 
            thrusting stings. 
            "You could have been killed in that inflatable you little fool!" He 
            said through clenched teeth, furious, and he began to seriously 
            murder her bum. The ceaseless and severe spanking he gave her seemed 
            an eternity of raw, skin-incinerating discipline the likes of which 
            she hadn't experience . . . until now. Sky wondered if it would 
            NEVER end, this painful, punishing point he was now making
            "Please, Caleb. No more!" she sobbed, and he ignored her 
            full-throated shrieks, crazy pleas, even her tears, never letting up 
            with loud gunshot cracks delivered with the speed of a semi- 
            automatic, and the continuous blast of buckshot to her bottom set it 
            ablaze. This-this red retribution made her wonder if she was 
            bleeding, if her skin was gone, if she would EVER be able to sit 
            again! The moment she thought would surely faint or perish from his 
            terrible, tanning ordeal, finally, mercifully, he stopped, and then 
            let her up. 
            Nose running and red, she clumsily danced and rubbed her hot red 
            moons vigorously with both hands, the protuberant plug bobbing just 
            as wildly. "Please say you won't spank me again! I can't bare it!" 
            she implored, and sniffled. "Say it's over!"
            He stood, and gripping her shoulders to still her wild dance, he 
            gave her a small rough turn to admire his handiwork. "I plan to 
            slather your lovely pussy with honey and give you another 'licking' 
            you'll undoubtedly find much more enjoyable. Then I will fuck you 
            blind with my neglected Moby, and all will be forgiven." He swatted 
            her again for good measure and she scurried her back into the wall, 
            hiding and shielding her abused bum as if it was suddenly flammable 
            and he held a lighted match. "But first . . . after the day I've 
            had, I'm going to take a long hot shower that should undo the kink 
            in my shoulder. " He glanced at the mess she made near her feet. " 
            That should leave you plenty of time to clean up that glass broken 
            during your little tantrum and to think about the lessons you've 
            learned. And you have learned your lesson, haven't you, Sky."
            "Oh yes. Yes, sir! I mean." She'd NEVER again break the ship rules 
            simply because the captain was her lover. " I-I won't ev---"
            " Take care not to cut yourself." He turned for the stateroom, 
            unbuttoning his shirt. 
            "Uhm. Can I take this out please?" She blushed, sensitively touching 
            the embarrassing butt plug.
            "Absolutely not," he said in a tone and look that brooked no 
            argument. "When I'm finished showering, I'LL be the one to remove 
            it," he clarified in no uncertain terms, and opening the pretty 
            Oriental box on the accent table, he retrieved an item that 
            resembled a pager. Tossing it the air once and catching it, he 
            disappeared into the master stateroom.

            Sky gave a start when she heard the bathroom door shut. Caleb was 
            still very much in control. Even in his absence, which she guessed 
            was his intent. Every time she bent to clean up the glass she had 
            broken during her tirade, she became acutely aware of the stretching 
            action of his anal toy. She found herself in a feverish state of 
            nervous anticipation and mounting arousal. After the initial pain 
            during the deep insertion of the widest part of the phallic plug, 
            she'd no longer found it uncomfortable. It sensitized her bottom 
            with outrageously sexy expectations. She had never had anal sex 
            before, was truly a virgin in that regard, and the curiosity, the 
            delicious naughtiness factor inflamed her. And his promise of a 
            giving her 'licking' she'd find more enjoyable drove her absolutely 
            crazy. She was more than ready for her final comeuppance, if it 
            could even be called that . . . Although he had warned her that come 
            morning her rear end would probably be sore, and from more than his 
            spankings. 
            With the last of the glass swept into the pan, and her despised red 
            dress gingerly deposited in rubbish, she made her way, submissively, 
            into her master's bedroom.
            Dressed in nothing but her red gartered stockings and high heels as 
            he preferred, bra cups pulled down, breasts jutting proudly and 
            nipples exposed as he had ordained, Sky curled up on her side amidst 
            the ocean of black velvet on his four-poster bed. Staring out the 
            floor to ceiling windows, she watched the huge red moon vanished 
            into the twilight sea. Did it sizzle as much as her well-spanked 
            bottom? Caleb . . . he had always had an unusually robust sexual 
            appetite; he was ingenious with positions and places; in the 
            elevators, the atrium, and gym, Jacuzzi . . . once when they been 
            alone on the bridge. How she enjoyed the forbidden thrill of knowing 
            that any minute a crewmember, passenger, employee could catch them 
            in the act. When he wanted to fuck, he could be fast and furious, or 
            long and leisurely. He was delightfully perverted, deliciously 
            kinky, and highly imaginative; he captured and conquered, she 
            surrendered to his demands and enjoyed the most intense orgasms as a 
            result. 
            Trying to control such a dominant and domineering man by withholding 
            sex with outright lies. . . That was her worst faux pas. . . . 
            Suddenly the rectal plug began to hum as if it had a life of it's 
            own, and Sky's eyes flew wide. That pager he tossed into the air! 
            His toy began vibrating slowly inside her canal, building in 
            intensity with exquisite sensations, a zinging, wonderfully swirling 
            feel that electrified her entire sex, her entire body. Wave upon 
            wave of soaring sensations, and great surges of maddening heavier 
            stimulation made her thigh muscles tense and strain. Her back arched 
            high, her hips ground into the pillow she thrust between her thighs. 
            She bit her first, on the verge of climaxing, and then the 
            vibrations suddenly, cruelly stopped. Moaning in frustration, her 
            hand skimmed to her denuded mons and she clothed it with the intense 
            urge to bring herself off. If she didn't cum or she would die! 
            Suddenly a hand out of nowhere gripped her wrist. She felt his 
            sinking weight on the bed and instinctively knew not to turn to him. 
            The heady clean smell of him was intoxicating; damp hair and skin, 
            soap and Halston. 
            "Watch in the dresser mirror," he instructed and she complied. Clad 
            in his favorite white terry robe, a smile crinkled the corners of 
            his rousing blue eyes before his gaze fell to her bottom. His poured 
            a Jasmine scented lotion into his palms, and placed his slathered 
            hands to her cheeks, massaging her pliable flesh, easing some of the 
            sting there and making her sex pulse further from his tender 
            ministrations. "Now that you're used to feeling full and comfortably 
            widened," he rasped, and his fingers separated her buttocks. "And 
            you've been ahh, filled with my good vibrations, you'll enjoy having 
            me fuck this virginal port of call." When removed the plug she felt 
            empty and oddly disappointed. "Now stand up. I want you over there." 
            He indicted the dresser and she anxiously obeyed.
            She could feel his surging physical examination with a response as 
            age old as the sea; her nipples contracted to hard pebbles as if 
            touched and her loins suffused with wet warmth. He then scanned her 
            gartered torso and navel, lingering on her denuded mons until she 
            blushed, and nervously toyed with the hooks of her stockings, 
            shifted her weight in her high heels.
            Finally, he strode to her, and bending down slightly, he took her 
            mouth in a primitive act of domination, a kiss meant to conquer, not 
            comfort, a savage conquest. She lifted her hands to his shoulders, 
            divesting him of his robe with ripping movements. His cock sprang 
            free; the cinnamon colored shaft impossibly thick, the protuberant 
            veins pulsing along the length, the knob bobbing like a ripe plum, 
            the soft furry sacks, all of it was so inviting. The tiny slit at 
            the crown glistened with a single liquid pearl she thumbed, and 
            thrilled by the dew of his desire for her she longed to taste, lick, 
            and suck every inch of him. 
            His mouth was so warm and wet and demanding as he pressed every inch 
            of his rugged body to hers, his hard arousal now free of her hand 
            rode high on her soft belly, eliciting a swirling ache to be filled 
            by him. . . Everywhere. She opened her lips with a small cry of 
            wonder and his tongue moved over hers with rough thrusts that 
            emulated his meaning. Pulling away from her mouth with a tearing 
            reluctance, his gaze locked with hers as he grasped her hips, and 
            suddenly, he lifted her onto the dresser. She gasped as impaled her, 
            hard and deep. "My God you're beautiful, and I adore you. But damn 
            you, you really pissed me off." 
            She wrapped her legs around him in answer, and gave herself over to 
            his demanding thrusts, his throbbing angry hardness, and his 
            punishing, piston driving strength. 
            A fevered groan escaped his lips and he jerked inside her with 
            violent consuming bursts, and riding on his white-hot crest, he 
            smothered her own climatic cry with his mouth, the intense craving 
            they had for each other leaving them breathless and slick skinned 
            and temporally satiated.
            He then carried her to bed, and laid her gently across the coverlet 
            with her legs dangling over the side of the mattress. She shivered 
            when she watched him opened the lid to a jar of honey, and then he 
            knelt on the floor and removed her shoes. Positioning her heels on 
            his shoulders, he spread her thighs wide. Her entire body quivered 
            with excitement. "I'm going to enjoy this appetizer before the main 
            course," his deep voice, his implied intent had her tottering on the 
            verge again. He opened her neither lips with his fingers, making her 
            feel more exposed. Dribbling honey over her distended stamen, it 
            oozed into the unfurled petals, mingling with their copious juices, 
            flowing thickly over her quivering anal rosette. 
            Damp silver-shot hair tickled her inner thighs and felt cool against 
            her overheated skin. His labored breath fanned her with warm air, 
            adding to the dizzy sensations. When the hard tip of his tongue 
            flicked at her stamen her eyes rolled back in delicious abandon and 
            hips thrust up. His tongue traveled, lapping and she sank her 
            fingers into his hair as if hanging on for dear life. His baptizing 
            tongue dipped into her anal orifice and her every nerve ending 
            vibrated like tightly strung bow. His fingers sank deep into her 
            vagina while he reamed her rectum with his tortuous lips and tongue. 
            Her thin string of control snapped. The room spun and she fell, 
            screaming his name, overflowing with her own warm honey. 
            Pulling her paralyzed form up, he turned her over onto her tummy, 
            shoving her across the bed like a boneless rag doll. He shoved a 
            pillow beneath her. Hooking an arm around her waist, he brought her 
            up onto all fours. Kneeling behind her, he slid his hand under, 
            cupping her denuded, satiny mound. His cock sprang to life again at 
            the sight and feel and aroma of her this way. And inch, by slow inch 
            he fed it into her drenched vagina. Her internal muscles came to 
            life and she gripped him tightly as if she could draw him into the 
            hilt. 
            "Oh dear, God. Fuck me, fast. Please now, before I go insane," she 
            pleaded, thrusting her frustrated hips back, her well-spanked bottom 
            forcing the issue; she began to rock of her own accord. 
            He gripped her hips and withdrew from her snug vagina, his Moby 
            swaying and shiny with her sap. When she whined for more like a 
            spoilt child deprived of candy in a store, he playfully swatted her 
            undulating buttocks, bringing back more color and heat, reminding 
            her of how sore she still was from the real thing. "Who's at helm 
            here?"
            "You are," she groaned, not caring if thwarted desire had made her 
            so shamelessly wanton. "How can you stop? It's cruel."
            "That's what you get for your month of indifference." She heard him 
            chuckle, felt his radiating heat, his chest hair tickling and 
            teasing her spine. His rugged body hovering over her made her feel 
            small and soft and sexy. "Are you ever going to lie or deny me 
            again, my little whore?" his deep voice resonated through her as he 
            drew aside the curtain of her hair to kiss her nape, eliciting a 
            shivers.
            "God, no," she cooed.
            He cupped her breasts. "Are you going to be a good girl from now on? 
            Keep those dance moves confined to my bed?" He tweaked her hardened 
            nipples until she mewed pretty yeses. An invisible cord sizzled down 
            her torso and sparked her clitoris with each tug and squeeze. "Now I 
            want you to beg me to navigate my neglected Moby into this uncharted 
            region." The thick shaft of his penis skimmed up her outer lips, the 
            crown resting against her anal rose, now loose, and curiously empty 
            and well oiled and highly aroused from the vibrating plug. And the 
            mere memory of those sensations made her yearns for more; yearn to 
            be filled there . . . by him. 
            "Oh please, Yeees. There . . ." 
            He pushed the tip of his penis, ever so slightly against her tight 
            repelling anal ring. 
            "Wait!" She reached back to clutch him, prevent his intrusion. The 
            thought of him suddenly driving his fearfully enormous rod into her 
            tiny orifice had her clenching her butt cheeks.
            "When are you going to learn to trust me?" His scolding made her 
            lubricate more. 
            "Go slow?" her voice trembled.
            "I will. Do I have to spank you again before you welcome me home?" 
            He repeatedly smacked her anal bud with the head of his cock, and 
            his actions drove her wild while the threat of another session over 
            the knee made her melt back against him. 
            "Very Good. It will only hurt if you fight me. Don't contract. Don't 
            repel. You need to be taken like this and you know it," he gentled 
            her fears and fanned the sparks of her arousal with a light 
            strumming of his thumb on her engorged clitoris. "Take big deep 
            breaths. Relax. Relax. That's it. Open to me," he coaxed; feeding 
            the head between and into her separated rosy red apples. The ring 
            widened and he popped into her rectum, and the voluptuously new 
            sensation spread a slow heat through her tingling bottom. "You are 
            going to accommodate, all of me, willingly, aren't you, Sky?"
            "Yes, sir, " she replied, slipping into her submissiveness role at 
            his warning tone. 
            Gradually he fed his inflamed member in another two inches. She 
            never felt so utterly subservient, so open to his commands, so 
            impelling simulated under his prodigious knowledge of the sexual 
            arts. 
            "I want you to count aloud the number of times I penetrate you 
            fully. I want to know that you've learn your fucking lesson 
            tonight." He stuffed three more inches into her and she teetered on 
            the edge of culmination. "This will teach you not to lie or deny 
            me." 
            "I'm sorry," she whimpered, but at this point she wasn't sure why, 
            it felt so wonderfully sexy as he gently heaved himself into her 
            bottom. 
            "You better be," he scolded, and pulled his cock almost all of the 
            way out and drove his point home.
            "One," she gasped. "Oh God, three," she whimpered, skipping 'two' in 
            her delirium. Her breathless voice rose with each subsequent exit 
            and deep penetration, and by the tenth stroke her brain fogged, 
            falling under as if drugged. He began to plunge harder and faster, 
            slapping against her rosy red buttocks. Lost in sheer abandoned, she 
            rocked back to greet him with equal vigor, and it sounded and felt 
            like her first erotic spanking. He swatted her buttocks and her 
            thigh when she lost count. Her sex convulsed almost throughout his 
            taking of her virginal bottom, and by the twentieth power packed 
            thrust of his hips, she shuddered and creamed, her inner thighs 
            bathed with pearly ecstasy as she bit the pillow. 
            He withdrew his sword sharply, his seed spilling over her anal 
            rosette, shooting high over the small of her back. She reached back 
            and spread his monumental release over her buttocks like a healing 
            balm, feeling his cock twitch as it nested between her crack. 
            He rolled her wreaked body on top of his, and legs entwined, he 
            skimmed the bumps of her spine with his hand while she listened to 
            his thundering heartbeat slow. "You're a sailors delight," he 
            sighed. 
            The morning sun streamed though the windows and onto the bed, 
            bathing them in a soft warm glow. They watched the blinding dazzle 
            of the sun's path, a sparkle diamonds on a quiet turquoise sea. "It 
            turned out to be a beautiful day," Caleb remark with buoyant 
            pleasure. "But all a captain needs to plot course a vessel in 
            trouble and steer her straight during rough seas is decent a set of 
            eyes and a good head for figures."
            "It's called a 'Dead Reckoning' isn't it?"
            "And I'm the sailor who will set you straight with a dead reckoning 
            whenever you're naughty. You see, I figured what's been missing from 
            your mizzenmast is a small white flag called a 'spanker' that whips 
            like the dickens at the stern under a good tail wind." 
            "Uhm..." she purred and snuggled deeper with a smile of pleasant 
            exhaustion. "I feel brand spanking new. . . Thanks to you."
            "Good," he said, inhaling her hair. "Because I want you to join me 
            for dinner at my table tonight. It's time you took your rightful 
            place, beside me. How do you feel about a old fashioned wedding at 
            sea, Sky?" 
            She rose up on an elbow to looked into his devilishly dancing eyes. 
            "With you in full regalia and manning the helm?" 
            "And will you 'won't' be wearing red." 
            "Can ship captains marry themselves?" she teased, withholding her 
            answer.
            "No." He yawned with drowsy lids. "But I know an Admiral I'd like 
            you to meet tonight who'd be willing," he mumbled with a yawn.
            "Yes," Sky whispered, but Caleb had fallen asleep. Brushing a stray 
            lock of silver hair back from his handsome forehead, her head sank 
            into his chest, silky blonde tresses fanning over him. 
            And she drifted off, afloat in a serene, submissive sea . . . 
            immersed in his dominance.

            The End. 


Sister's Wet Panties by Kathy Harris


Chapter 1


It was after midnight at the Wagner house and everyone in the family 
was in bed for the night. Everyone, that is, except for Kay and her big 
brother, Nick.

This was not the first night that the two teenagers had stayed up after 
everyone else had gone to bed, and they both knew that it wouldn't be 
the last. For, Kay and Nick had been secretly fucking each other for 
over a year now. Nick sat in an overstuffed chair across from Kay who 
sat on the couch. He studied the young girl as he had so many times 
recently, realizing all over again just how lucky he was to have such a 
gorgeous, sexy chick available to him to fuck anytime he had the urge.

Kay smiled seductively at her brother. Her hair was like gold, tumbling 
down around her shoulders in gentle waves. She had "bedroom eyes" and 
her mouth was full and sensual. Her face was young and gorgeous but it 
was only the beginning of the rare beauty that made men's heads turn 
wherever she went. Kay also had a body that wouldn't quit--long, 
slender legs, a narrow waist, and gigantic tits that stood straight out 
from her chest.

Good looks ran in the Wagner family for all the females were blonde, 
big-titted and gorgeous. And all the males were tall, handsome, and 
ruggedly built with wide shoulders and muscular frames, even the 
youngest of the boys in the family.

"I'm gonna go get a soda," Kay said, suddenly rising and moving toward 
the kitchen.

Nick rose, too, following his sexy sister. His eyes fixed on the perky 
sway of her little ass, which strained tightly against the denim cut-
off shorts she wore, each asscheek threatening to pop out from beneath 
the frayed edges of the fabric.

The cutoffs were split up the side almost to the waistband, exposing a 
lot of the girl's pink, tempting thigh. And, from past experience, Nick 
knew that his sister wasn't wearing any panties. She rarely did for, as 
she had told Nick one evening, she always wanted to be ready for a good 
fuck.

The kitchen door swung closed behind the brother and sister and Kay 
swung around to face Nick. Her arms wound around his strong neck and 
she pulled herself snugly against him. The huge mounds of her tits 
rolled over his chest and her mouth covered his.

For long moments, the teenagers tongue-kissed each other, embracing 
tightly and moaning with excitement.

"Mmmmm," Kay sighed, easing back a little. "I've been wanting to kiss 
you like that all night!"

"Yeah, me too, baby," the boy muttered huskily.

Then, her mouth was once more planted over his and her tongue darted 
into his mouth, twisting and turning and exciting him with lewd thrills 
that raced up and down his spine and made his big cock stiffen.

"Come on," Kay said, pulling away from him. "Let's go back into the 
living room and have a little fun. But let's get the sodas first. 
Fucking always makes me thirsty."

Nick laughed softly and, opening the refrigerator, took out two sodas. 
He opened them and followed Kay back into the living room. The girl's 
blouse was no longer buttoned. It was now tied in a large knot beneath 
the bulging mounds of her tits. And, her eyes glittered with excitement 
as she watched her brother take in the exciting curves of her partly 
exposed tits.

"You're really sexy, you know that, Kay? The sexiest chick I've ever 
known!" Nick said, his voice filled with admiration.

"Thanks, Brother Dear, but you know, you're really something yourself!" 
Kay said, flashing him her warmest smile.

Back in the living room, Kay took a deep drink of her soda, but at the 
same time she ran one of her hands up the boy's thigh in a deliberate 
teasing motion as they sat side by side on the large couch. When her 
hand stopped, her fingers moved to the crotch of his jeans and rested 
on the growing hard-on there.

Nick moaned and reached out, pulling his sister against him. Their lips 
met again and their tongues flicked hotly against each other. Then he 
thrust deeply, driving toward the back of her throat. Kay moaned around 
his taunting tongue, turning on even more.

As they continued to tongue-kiss passionately, Kay rubbed her brother's 
crotch greedily. The huge cock still concealed in his pants strained 
painfully against the fabric, trying to free itself as Kay caressed it.

While she continued to stroke her brother's prick, Kay's lips and 
tongue clamped down around his tongue. She held his tongue firmly and 
the boy realized that she wouldn't let go until she was good and ready.

Then she sucked. Hard and fiercely, she tugged on his tongue, as if she 
wanted to pull it out at the root. Her own tongue whipped and twisted 
around his, while her rubbing hand increased the pressure of its 
strokes.

Nick's hands slid from Kay's back, inching toward her bulging tits.

"Mmmmm," the young girl moaned into her brother's mouth as he rubbed 
and pinched her big tits. Suddenly Kay's mouth released Nick's tongue 
and her hand grasped his wrists. A glowing fire of lust burned deeply 
within her beautiful eyes as she gazed up at her handsome brother.

"Just relax, honey. I've got something special planned for you," she 
murmured huskily.

The boy grinned and offered no objections as his sister eased him back 
on the sofa, her fingers working to unbutton his shirt. Pulling his 
shirt open to expose his chest, she leaned down and licked and sucked 
his chest-flesh. Meanwhile, her hands continued downward.

First, the snap to his jeans popped, and then there was a slight 
hissing sound as she eased his zipper down. Her fingers climbed back to 
his waist and slipped between the top of his pants and the elastic band 
of his jockey shorts. She tugged down a bit, trying to drag them down, 
but she needed his help. Nick lifted his ass from the couch and she 
pulled again. This time, his shorts and jeans slid down, bunching 
around his knees.

Glad he was barefoot, Nick began to work the pants off with his toes. 
He was now completely naked and, watching him, his sister gasped with 
excitement.

Her full, sensuous lips parted and she let her tongue slip out. 
Glistening wetly, the pink tongue-tip slowly moved over her lips, 
slickening them. Then, quickly, with an impatient groan, the young girl 
tore her own clothes off, revealing her lush nakedness to her brother's 
hungry, devouring eyes.

He reached out and pulled his little sister to him once again. Her 
tongue stabbed into his mouth, locking with his tongue for a few 
moments before withdrawing. His tongue followed hers back into her 
mouth and she sucked on it just as she had done before.

She burrowed against her brother, her heavy tits pressed excitingly 
over his broad chest. And her hands lovingly caressed the throbbing 
shaft of his cock that jutted out from his naked crotch.

He palmed the underside of her ripe tits with both of his hands. He 
squeezed and fondled them, moaning with excitement. His thumbs inched 
up the slopes of her gigantic tit-mounds and rubbed over the stiff 
buttons of her nips. She moaned with lust, finally releasing his 
tongue.

"Just lean back, honey, and I'll do the rest," Kay said, smiling up at 
her brother, her hand still stroking the rigid length of his prick. He 
swallowed hard, watching her slide from the sofa and kneel between his 
widely spread legs. She paused there a few seconds, her face turned to 
his. The moist pinkness of her tongue danced behind her parted lips.

Then her eyes rolled down to the huge rod of cock-meat throbbing upward 
toward her face. Tenderly, her finger moved along the pulsing length of 
his prick. As her fingertips reached the throbbing crown, they lightly 
teased over the sensitive surface.

"Ohhh God, Kay! What you're doin' to me?" the boy said with a groan as 
hot lust-filled sensations shot through his loins.

The horny girl gripped her brother's rock-hard cock-rod at the base 
with one hand and pulled him forward a bit. Her head bent down, her 
lips parted, and her moist tongue flicked out and touched the pulsing 
head of the blood-engorged prick.

"Ohhh, yeses, Sis, yess!" Nick groaned.

His cock pulsed and jerked lewdly in his sister's gripping fist. Her 
eyes widened with excitement as she saw a pearly white drop of pre-cum 
ooze from the slit at the top of her brother's cock.

Her eyes moved back to his for a brief moment, just to make sure that 
he was watching her every movement. Then, her gaze returned to his 
prick. Again, she eased forward, her tongue sticking out toward the 
knobby head of his cock. The tip of her tongue touched his prick-head 
again, capturing the glistening drop of pre-cum, then curled back into 
her mouth.

"Mmmmm, good stuff," she purred while her brother watched her in 
fascination. She savored the taste of the boy's cum, just as always.

For the third time her tongue licked out and this time it washed over 
the entire aching surface of the pulsing cock-head. She bathed it in 
the moist warmth of her saliva, soaking it with her mouth-juice.

"Oh, Sis, you're great," the boy muttered, completely mesmerized by the 
big-titted blonde kneeling at his feet, her tongue lapping over the 
head of his hard cock. Her tongue slid down the swollen prick-shaft, 
then licked back up his length.

And, once again, her tongue swirled over the aroused head of his cock. 
Now and then the teasing tip probed at the little cum-slit, as if she 
wanted to drill right into it. Her lips puckered. She leaned closer and 
tenderly kissed the throbbing cock-meat.

"God, Kay, God!" he moaned.

His hips jerked forward uncontrollably as he felt his sister's hot 
breath flowing down his cock, arousing him even more--if that were 
possible.

Her mouth opened wide and wider still. Her lips moved downward, 
slipping over the head of his prick, then moving even lower. Her head 
stopped moving when a good half of the meaty cock-rod was inside her 
mouth.

As she continued to suck her brother's prick, her tongue kept lashing 
around and around its thickness. As Kay felt the huge prick jerking 
crazily inside her mouth, she knew that it was only a matter of seconds 
before he would come.

As she continued to suck him off, Kay cupped his balls and gently 
squeezed them, moaning with excitement when she felt them jerking 
slightly at her touch.

"Ummmmfffff," she moaned, the sound of her pleasure muffled by the 
meaty cock in her mouth.

"Ohhhh, yeah, baby, yeah! Keep it up! You're sucking me off soooo 
fuckin' good!" Nick groaned.

Her lips formed a tight ring around his cock as she began to suck him 
even harder. And, at the same time, her merciless tongue licked his hot 
cock-meat over and over again.

Her head moved up and down over the wet shining prick easing in and out 
of her mouth. Higher and higher her mouth rose, her cheeks hollowing 
deeply as she sucked at his prick with her mouth. And then she sucked 
her way back down, filling the boy with more fuck-lust and pleasure 
than he had thought was possible.

"Unnnhhhhh," he groaned.

Up and down, up and down, she ate him. She sucked and rode his swollen 
cock lustfully. In and out, in and out, she filled her face with her 
brother's throbbing, thick cock-stick. And, over and over, she whipped 
her tongue around his prick, lashing against him, using her tongue as a 
whip.

"Gonna come!" Nick cried only seconds later.

Kay sucked even harder, turned on beyond belief by her brother's words. 
As much as she loved sucking cock, this was the part she always loved 
the best--when she felt his creamy, hot cum gushing into her mouth. She 
could hardly wait!

Suddenly, gallons of hot white cream jetted from the crown of his prick 
and splashed obscenely into his sister's sucking mouth.

"Yeaaaaah, commmiiinnnnggggg!" Nick cried, trying to keep his voice 
down so that he wouldn't awaken his family.

But it was hard to think straight at a time like this. His entire body 
was screaming out with joy and relief as he dumped his load into his 
sister's mouth. The girl was still sucking him hard.

"Ummmmfffff," Kay moaned happily as she felt her brother's thick cum 
sliding lewdly down her throat. She struggled to swallow each and every 
delicious drop of the boy's goo.

His entire body shuddered with abandoned pleasure as he emptied himself 
into his sister's hungry mouth. His cock jerked and twitched, banging 
against the inner walls of the girl's mouth, which was still clamped 
hungrily about the long shaft.

Kay's nostrils flared as she sucked harder, taking every bit of cum he 
had to offer. Then her hand made a tight, squeezing fist and slid up 
and down the fatness of his cock a few times. She milked his prick, 
getting all the remaining hot cream.

Then, all of a sudden Kay came. Her wet pussy spasmed with excitement 
and her entire body trembled as a thunderous orgasm rocketed through 
her. Her pussy-hole jetted out thick streams of warm cunt-sauce that 
overflowed from between her bloated pussylips and trickled lewdly down 
her trembling thighs.



Chapter 2


The instant that her orgasm subsided, Kay climbed up on the couch with 
her brother. He moved his hands to her tits, squeezing her nips and 
rolling them between his fingers. Then, he bent his head and sucked one 
large, hard nipple into his mouth, biting it gently with his teeth.

"Ohhhh, yessss, Nick!" the girl groaned with excitement as she felt 
herself turning on all over again. Her cunt was slippery with pussy-
juice and her clit grew hard again with hot fuck-lust.

Her nips were so hard they felt as though they would burst as her 
brother continued to suck and bite on them. Her already huge tits 
seemed to expand and grow even larger as he expertly sucked them. Her 
brother was the best and the young girl could not wait for him to fuck 
her!

She reached out and ran her hands down the boy's hairy chest. She moved 
her fingers on down to his hard, flat belly, lovingly stroking his 
warm, naked flesh.

Nick turned Kay to him and pressed her body tightly against his. She 
felt his still-hard cock pressed wetly against her pussy and she moaned 
with excitement. That was another thing the teenager loved about making 
it with her big brother. No matter how many times he came, his cock 
rarely got soft.

She wound her arms around his back and pulled him even closer to her as 
she raised her head for his hot tongue-kiss.

Kay felt hypnotized. She loved and admired her brother's style. They 
both knew that they would soon be fucking wildly, yet he was taking his 
time with her and she savored every sexual move he made. She enjoyed 
quick, hot sex once in a while, too, but she usually preferred Nick's 
slow, deliberate pace. Her brother never failed to arouse her beyond 
belief.

They kissed over and over, their tongues touching and probing into each 
other's mouth. Nick ran his hands through the girl's thick, lustrous 
hair, then cupped her tits again. While he massaged her bursting tits, 
Kay reached down and stroked his big cock, feeling it throb lewdly in 
her hands.

Nick shifted his position and pushed his sister down onto her back. He 
lay next to her and, propping his head up on his elbow, he traced 
designs on her tits and belly with his fingers.

As usual, the young boy couldn't get enough of his sister's tits. They 
were the thing that had attracted him to her in the first place a long 
time ago. He had never seen such huge, firm tits, especially on such a 
young girl, and he was still as captivated by them as he had been the 
first day she had let him see them naked.

Nick caressed Kay's stiff, throbbing nipples, thinking about all the 
times he had blasted his jism all over her huge tits, burying her tit-
flesh under his hot cum.

Over and over he stroked the girl's massive tits, delighting in how 
round and firm they were. Her nips were huge, about the size of his 
thumb, and he bent forward again, sucking and stroking the rock-hard 
nubs with his tongue and lips.

"Ohhhh, yessssssss," Kay moaned. "Oh, yesssss, Nick! Suck my tits! Bite 
them! Your mouth feels so hot and good!"

Her cunt was drooling and she felt her clit twitching with excitement. 
Nick's tongue set her tits on fire and they hardened and flushed even 
more under his expert touch.

Kay felt her entire body tense and stiffen with a hard, cunt-drooling 
jolt of pleasure as Nick sucked and bit her tits over and over.

"You love it when I suck and play with your big tits, don't you, Sis?" 
the boy panted huskily.

"Ohhhh, yessss, I love it, Nick!" she cried, not ashamed to admit it.

Nick gripped her hard nips between his thumbs and forefingers and 
squeezed them hard, twisting her throbbing tit-flesh. Kay clenched her 
teeth tightly together, stiffening with the thrills of pleasure that 
shot through her horny young body. Her nips felt crushed and she 
thrilled to the obscene sensation. She reached down, searching once 
again for Nick's huge cock. It felt excitingly rock-hard to her lewd 
touch and she stroked his cock gently, from his hairy balls to the 
large, glistening cock-knob. The girl was rewarded by his erotic moans 
of pleasure.

"Mmmmm, yesssss, Kay! Rub my cock! That feels great!" Nick groaned.

Kay's entire body felt flushed and hot. She spread her legs as wide as 
possible, continuing to stroke her brother's huge cock-rod, hoping that 
he would ram her cunt with it soon. She honestly didn't know how much 
longer she could wait.

Her little cunt gushed out gallons of hot pussy juice. It overflowed 
her pussy and splashed down her thighs and onto the surface of the 
sofa.

Nick inhaled deeply, savoring the fragrance of his little sister's hot 
cunt-juice. He moved one hand down to her pussy, thrusting his fingers 
between her puffy cunt-lips. He continued to suck and nibble her 
gigantic tits. His fingers slipped wetly over her juicy pussy as her 
pussy-juice drenched his hand. Knowing that the young girl was so hot 
for his big cock made him hornier than he had ever been before. He felt 
his prick stiffening and growing in her hot hands.

As she stroked his bursting prick, Kay arched her back, jamming her 
huge tits into his sucking mouth. She moaned, feeling a hot thrill 
tearing through her lusting body. She wriggled her shoulders, rubbing 
her swollen hips against her brother's teeth.

Nick bit gently into her huge nip, biting gradually harder and harder 
as she seemed to want more and more from his mouth. She moaned loudly 
and tossed her head back and forth in the heat of her passion.

Her pussy was so wet now that Nick's fingers kept slipping out of it. 
He knew that she was more than ready for his hard cock. But he somehow 
wanted this to be the hottest, most fulfilling fuck of her young life 
and he knew from experience that the longer he delayed it, the better 
Kay would enjoy it.

"Ohhhh, God, Nick," Kay moaned, jerking her ass up off the couch and 
thrusting her pussy against his hand. "Please fuck me now, Nick!" Her 
voice was hoarse with lust. She couldn't remember ever being this 
turned on before and she could barely stand it. "I can't wait any 
longer, Nick! You're driving me mad! Please fuck meeeee!"

Nick pulled his mouth away from her full, throbbing tits. He jabbed his 
tongue into her ear and she moaned with pleasure. Then he covered his 
sister's mouth with his own, thrusting his rigid tongue between her 
lips.

Kay opened her mouth wide and pressed her tongue against his. She 
sucked loudly and wetly on his hot tongue, pressing her sensuous lips 
harder and harder against his mouth.

Finally Nick shifted his position and climbed on top of his little 
sister's hot, willing body. He felt her huge tits pressed against his 
hairy chest and his cock grew even harder when he thought of the 
pleasure awaiting him.

"Ohhhh, yesssss, Nick, do it! Fuck me!" the young blonde cried wildly.

She felt his large cockhead pressing against her and she spread her 
legs even wider, as wide as she could, as she wriggled her hips 
impatiently. She just couldn't wait for his cock to ram its way up her 
hot, wet cunt.

"Yeah, I'm gonna fuck you all right, you horny little slut! Like you've 
never been fucked before!" the boy yelled.

Slowly and teasingly he fit his huge prick snugly into the wet slit of 
her tight cunt. Then, he gave a hard, deep thrust which sent his large 
prick-shaft shooting all the way into her sucking pussy.

"Yessssss!" she hissed.

Kay thrust her ass high in the air and drove her tight, wet pussy-hole 
all the way down the full length of Nick's throbbing cock. She ground 
her pelvic bone against the boy's firm, muscular body, feeling his 
balls mashing against the lower part of her small cunt.

The young girl had never been this hot before. As her brother began to 
slowly grind his hips, moving his ass in lewd circles above her, Kay 
began to pump her cunt up and down on his huge cock, clenching and 
unclenching her tight cunt-walls as tightly as she could around his 
thick, hard prick.

"Yeah, baby, yeah, that's it! Squeeze my prick with your little pussy!" 
he groaned.

Nick could feel the girl's huge tits pressing against his muscular 
chest and it turned him on even more as he continued to pump his cock 
deeply into her hot, grasping pussy. He had never known a chick who 
could squeeze her cunt-muscles so tightly around his prick. As always, 
it nearly drove him mad with lust.

He tried to slow his fucking movements because he still wanted to fuck 
her slowly so she would enjoy it all more. But his little sister wanted 
none of that. The way she was pumping her cunt up and down on his 
rigidly fucking cock-pole, he had no choice but to keep pace with her. 
After all, he told himself, he could hold back only so much.

Again and again, Nick stabbed his prick into her cunt, matching the 
fucking rhythm of Kay's grinding pussy. It was as though the girl were 
fucking--even raping--her brother and he loved the lewd sensation.

"All riiiight, baby! Go! Go! Shake that little ass of yours!" Nick 
hollered.

With a groan of lust, Kay pulled Nick's head down to her bursting tits 
and he sucked her tits again and again as his cock continued to pound 
its way in and out of her wildly humping pussy.

Her ass shook under the impact of his prick. Her cunt-walls burned and 
tightened with the hot wet pleasure she felt from his driving prick. He 
was ramming it in and out, in and out, deeper and harder with each 
forceful thrust into her pussy-hole.

"Ohhhhh, Nick, I'm commmmmiiinnngg!" the girl suddenly squealed, 
grabbing her brother tightly and pressing his hard body against her 
soft one.

She moaned and tossed her young, teenaged body back and forth on the 
sofa, almost making her brother's prick slip out of her coming cunt. 
But he held onto her, scooping his hands under her shaking ass and 
jerking her hips up toward his prick. He rammed her deeper and harder 
as she continued to come, clenching and unclenching her powerful cunt-
muscles around his steel-hard, pleasure-giving cock-rod.

"Ohhhhhhh, God, it feels soooooo fuckin' gooooood!" she cried, 
thrusting her hips up even higher, shuddering violently, and gasping 
desperately for air as her climax smashed through her again and again.

"Ahhhhhh, Nick, commmmiiinnngg!" she moaned loud and long.

Her hot body thrust and humped upward, driving higher and higher. Her 
tightly clenching cunt-walls sucked at the boy's cock, trying 
desperately to milk it of his hot, thick jizz.

She pumped her ass off the sofa, feeling her gigantic tits shaking and 
bouncing with her every lewd move. Her cunt-walls spasmed and gushed 
out her hot pussy-juice, filling her cunt and trickling down her firm 
thighs and splashing onto the sofa between her legs.

"Oh, God, Nick, fuck me, fuck meeeee!" she yelled. It was the most 
exciting orgasm of her life, long, hard, and shudderingly powerful. She 
didn't know how her brother could hold back his own cum, but she sensed 
that he was doing it for her sake, to make her orgasm all the better, 
and it was working. As always she silently thanked him for his 
thoughtfulness.

The young girl's long, sharp fingernails clawed her brother's shoulders 
and back as she came and came, grinding her pulsating clit up and down 
along the thick shaft of his hard prick.

Nick was about ready to come as he felt his sister's orgasm finally 
easing off. He realized that he had just given her the most exciting 
climax she had ever had and now he had to get his own rocks off.

He jammed his cock into her cunt, pumping her full of his thick, creamy 
cum. Burning jets of hot jism blasted into her pussy. She gasped aloud 
when she felt the hard, hot spurts of cum shooting into her from his 
cock-head. The creamy spunk burned deeply into her cunt-hole and on 
into her churning guts. Her cunt walls spasmed violently as her pussy 
sucked his cum from his jerking prick.

She grunted hard as he pounded into her cunt, pumping her full of his 
hot cum. She slammed her legs flat against the couch, her body 
flattening under the lewd assault of her brother's hammering prick.

"Ahhhh, yeses, Nick, yessss! Fill me full of your cum! I love it! I can 
feel it! My little pussy's full of the stuff! More! I want more!" she 
yelled happily, tears of pleasure streaming down her lovely face.

As the last of his cum-load shot into Kay's pussy, Nick dropped his 
head to her tits and once more nipped her nipples with the edges of his 
sharp teeth. She jerked at the sudden pain but she loved it and both 
she and her brother knew it.

She held him tightly against her as he continued to thrust his cock 
deeply into her cunt. She felt completely filled with the boy's cum and 
she loved the lewd sensations.

"Ohhhh, such a good fuck, Nick," Kay moaned delightedly. "You fucked me 
so good and hard! Keep on fucking me, Nick! Don't stop now!"

And she came again and again, hard and violently as the boy kept on 
thrusting his still-hard prick in and out of her spasming cunt.

His cock twitched and jerked deep in her pussy, which was now sopping 
wet with an obscene mixture of her pussy-juice and the boy's cum.

Nick's cock was still hard, even after shooting off all that cum. He 
continued to pump his prick in and out of the girl's drenched pussy, 
but slower and more gently now. He fucked her slowly, rubbing the 
length of his prick up and down over her clit, which was still hard and 
rigid.

He could feel her clitty jerking against his cock-meat and he knew that 
he could make her come again if he wanted to--and he did want to.

He continued to slowly pump his hard cock into Kay's tight, little 
pussy-hole, rubbing her clit over and over until she came again.

"Commmmiiinnnnngg! Oh, God, Nick, you made me come again! I can't stand 
it! It feels sooooo fuckin' good!" Kay wailed excitedly.

Shudders of violent pleasure washed over her as she grabbed his 
handsome face and kissed him passionately on the lips, finding his hot 
tongue with hers.

Finally, her incestuous orgasm passed over her and she rested, feeling 
the warm cum oozing from her trembling pussy-lips, which still held her 
brother's cock.



Chapter 3


A short time later, Kay Wagner went upstairs to the room she shared 
with her sister, Janie. She quietly pushed the door open to the bedroom 
and a light flashed on. Kay's sister, Janie, sat up in her bed and 
looked at the younger girl.

"I know what you've been doing, Sis," Janie said with a grin.

"Wh ... what do you mean?" Kay stammered, suddenly feeling scared.

"I sneaked out and watched you and Nick for a while from the landing. 
What do you expect? You were making so much fuckin' noise you're just 
lucky I was the only one who heard. Jeez!" Janie said, combing her 
hands through her thick hair, which was glossy and blonde just like her 
sister's.

"I ... I ..." Kay stammered again, not knowing what to say.

After all this time, she and her brother had been caught. She felt 
deathly afraid--afraid that now their fuck-sessions would have to stop!

"Hey, hey, relax, kid. I happen to approve wholeheartedly," Janie said 
with a broad grin.

Kay quietly shut the door behind her and ran over to her big sister's 
bed, throwing her arms around her in a big hug.

"You do, Janie? You really do?" she asked with an excited squeal.

"Sure, I do, honey," Janie said warmly, returning her sister's hug. 
"After all, you're just a normal, hot-blooded girl just like me and you 
have to take care of your natural desire. And, if you get just half as 
horny as I usually do-" she rolled her eyes dramatically. "Well, 
believe me, I understand and I even think it's kinda exciting that 
you're fucking your own brother."

Kay flashed a warm, grateful smile toward her sister as she slipped 
from the bed and walked to the closet to take off the clothes she had 
hurriedly put back on after her fuck-session with Nick.

Janie watched her sister undressing with widening eyes. Her tits, just 
as large as those of her younger sister, rose and fell in an excitable 
rhythm. One of her hands crept up along one of her thighs, drifting 
under the short hem of the nightgown she wore. Kay didn't notice her 
sister's actions.

Kay turned toward her sister and Janie gasped with excitement. The 
younger girl was now completely naked and her huge tits jiggled a bit, 
as though issuing a silent invitation to her horny sister.

"Well, well, so you like my body, do you, Sis?" Kay asked saucily as 
she walked to her sister's bed and leaned over.

Their lips met gently. Then the girls parted after a long moment as Kay 
sank down on the bed. When they kissed again, their mouths opened wide 
and they embraced as lovers, their tongues locking into each other.

One of Kay's soft hands moved and tugged at the small bow at the top of 
Janie's nightie. The strand of ribbon easily gave way and Kay's fingers 
drifted lower, slipping the few buttons from their holes and opening 
the nightgown up.

"Yesssss," Janie hissed, deeply aroused as her sister's hands slid over 
her huge tit-mounds. "Ohhhh, it feels soooo damn good!"

Kay cupped the twin tit-mounds in her palms, thrilling at their sleek, 
satiny flesh. She squeezed and kneaded, excited by the fact that she 
was fondling her sister's tits, which were so much like her own. Kay 
felt almost as if she were playing with her own tits!

Then, the younger girl's head lowered and her lips closed lewdly over 
one of her sister's reddish nips as it poked up stiffly. Her tongue 
flicked out over the plump nipple and she began to suck.

"Ohhh, God, Kay!" Janie cried as hot flames of lust shot through her 
body.

Her tits, already swollen with desire, now felt as if they would burst 
any second. She arched her back, feeding even more of her aching tit-
flesh into her sister's hungry mouth, groaning with excitement. Janie's 
hands eagerly caressed her sister's body as Kay continued to suck and 
lick the older girl's tits. Suddenly, Janie couldn't stand it any 
longer. As much as she was getting off on having her kid sister suck 
her tits, she could no longer remain still. She had to touch her sister 
and make love to her!

"Ohhh, Janie!" Kay cried as her sister flipped her over onto her back.

Janie lovingly caressed the younger girl's huge tits, so stiff and firm 
with throbbingly erect nipples. Then the older girl kissed the soft 
slope of Kay's neck and she began to kiss her way down Kay's body, her 
tongue flicking out now and then. Janie's mouth paid special attention 
to the twin mounds of Kay's firm tit-flesh.

"Ahhhh, yessssss, Janie, yessssss," Kay moaned, turning on more and 
more.

The younger girl ached with a deep need, a need that throbbed in the 
depths of her young cunt. Her legs spread out wide automatically as her 
sister's mouth left her big tits and moved downward.

Janie kissed her sister's flat tummy, pausing briefly to stick the tip 
of her tongue in Kay's belly button.

"Ohhh, that's hot!" Kay squealed with a husky laugh.

Then Janie raised her head and slid her hand gently over her little 
sister's pussy-mound. She stroked there softly, watching the other 
girl's face. Kay's eyes were closed and her head lolled from side to 
side. Her mouth was half open and from between her lips came a low, 
steady moan of pleasure.

Janie steadily increased the pressure of her hand against her sister's 
cunt-mound. She squeezed down around the tender, young flesh, kneading 
it skillfully.

"Good!" Kay groaned. "Ohhh, Janie, you're making me feel soooo good!"

Janie's body was trembling with excitement and desire as she eagerly 
ran her index finger down into the groove of her sister's moistening 
cunt. She could feel the wetness of her brother's cum mingled with 
Kay's cunt-juices and she felt her own pussy moistening rapidly.

She probed deeper, her fingertip finding the bloated lips of Kay's 
pussy and dipping between them. She wiggled her finger lewdly, thrilled 
by the idea that only moments before Nick's cock had been where her 
finger was now. "Aaaarrrghhhhh!" Kay moaned, half out of her mind with 
pleasure.

Janie grinned and pushed her finger deeper, sinking it into Kay's pussy 
to her knuckles. Then she began to pump it in and out, working her 
finger in cock-like fashion.

Kay's hips instinctively responded. Soon, her hips were quickly rising 
and falling into a natural fucking rhythm as she thrust her crotch up 
against her sister's impaling finger.

Kay was turning on beyond belief. Faster and faster she raised her ass 
from the bed, humping her pussy against the hand on her cunt. She was 
fucking herself on her sister's finger and that incestuous knowledge 
thrilled her like nothing else ever had before.

And, suddenly, the young girl came.

"Commmmiiinnnnuggg!" Kay screamed as a hot, mind-blowing pleasure 
rocketed through her body, leaving her trembling and shaken.

As soon as Kay's orgasm passed, she flipped her sister over onto her 
back, determined to have her turn now. The younger girl wordlessly 
knelt between Janie's widely spread legs, her tongue already teasing 
its way through the thick, triangular patch of golden fur covering the 
older girl's cunt.

Kay's exploring tongue-tip teased against Janie's drooling pussy-slit. 
It flicked back and forth, warm and moist. But it did not yet dip into 
the aching interior of the girl's pussy.

"Ohhh, God, Kay! Don't do this to me! Eat meeee!" Janie cried, 
thrashing about on the bed, her naked ass humping up and down as she 
tried to coax her sister's tongue deep into her pussy.

But Kay just grinned and waited, still sticking just the tip of her 
tongue into the top of the pulsing cunt-slit. She waited until Janie's 
hips jerked up and down in a demanding motion before she probed any 
deeper with her tongue. But even then she didn't thrust her tongue as 
far into the girl's pussy as Janie wanted her to.

Instead, she ran her lapping tongue upward along the deep crease of her 
sister's pussy. She tapped her tongue against the swelling nub of 
Janie's clit, coaxing it out from beneath its thin sheath. When the 
growing bud of clit-flesh poked upward, her tongue curled around it 
lewdly.

"Aaaaarghhhh, yessssss!" Janie cried out as waves of lust and pleasure 
rippled through her. Her hands clawed at the bed and her hips arched 
up, her cunt throbbing with an intense sexual need.

"Pleeeease, yessss! Oh, God, please!" Janie moaned.

Kay took her tongue from her sister's clit and ran it down the cleft. 
Then, in one hard thrust, she drove her tongue deeply into the hot, 
moist cunt.

"Aieeeeeee!" Janie screamed.

Every nerve end in her body sizzled with excitement. Reaching down, she 
gripped the back of her little sister's neck and shoved her face hard 
against her cunt.

Kay licked and sucked her sister's pussy, lapping up every drop of 
juice that flowed freely from the older girl's puckering cunthole. Her 
tongue thrust in and out of Janie's trembling cunt. Kay was expertly 
tongue-fucking her sister, using her tongue like a miniature cock.

"Commmmiiinnogggg!" Janie cried only moments later.

Kay continued the in and out fucking rhythm of her tongue while her 
sister came hard. She could feel Janie's orgasming pussy shuddering 
violently against her face and she groaned with excitement, the sound 
muffled by the wet cunt-flesh that was mashed against her face.

Kay planted one long, hard kiss on Janie's cunt and then eased herself 
back up beside her.

Janie's eyes fluttered open and a broad grin moved across her lovely 
young face. Without a word, Janie's hand slid down between the other 
girl's legs. Her fingers teased over the bulging rise of Kay's cunt-
mound.

"You like this, Sis?" Janie whispered.

"Yesssss," Kay nodded as she felt her sister's teasing fingers sliding 
between the wet lips of her pussy.

Kay groaned as she felt the other girl's finger thrusting up into her 
pussy-hole. She quivered with excitement and surprise as she felt a 
second finger shoving itself up into her little pussy-hole.

"Ohhh, Janie, that feels soooo goood!" Kay cried as she raised her ass 
up from the bed and humped her crotch up against her sister's pussy-
fucking fingers.

"You really like it, baby?" Janie asked, turning on so much herself 
that her cunt was pouring out a steady stream of cunt-juice and she 
felt as if she could come any second. "I'm glad because I'm gonna cram 
my whole fist up your little sexy cunt!"

Suddenly, the bedroom door swung open and their father, Mark Wagner, 
stood there staring at them.

"Your whole fist? Aw, Janie, I wouldn't do that," he said with a smile. 
"It would be a shame to stretch such a tight little pussy like your 
sister's all out of shape!"



Chapter 4


The beautiful, young faces of his daughters stared up at Mark Wagner 
with amazement and shock. Except for the heaving of their huge tits, 
neither of the girls moved and Kay's pussy was still impaled on her 
sister's two fingers. Their eyes were wide and filled with fuck-lust as 
they stared wordlessly at their father.

Then, there was a wet, sucking sound as Janie slowly dragged her 
fingers from her sister's pussy. Kay moaned softly, a moan which 
brought a smile to Mark's face as he stood there in his robe, watching 
the two horny girls.

"D ... Daddy ... why'd didn't y-you knock?" Janie asked, trying to gain 
control of the awkward situation.

"I did, baby," Mark said with a laugh as he closed the door behind him. 
"But you two pussies were too, uh, involved, shall we say? to hear me!"

Janie and Kay looked at each other and giggled. They had been a little 
nervous at first when they had seen their father standing there. But 
now they realized by his choice of words, the grin on his handsome 
face, and the undeniable bulge between his legs, that the man 
completely approved of the lewd act he had interrupted.

"Why, Daddy," Kay purred coyly, "I never knew that you were a dirty old 
man! What were you doing? Spying on us through the keyhole?"

"Hell, baby, I didn't have to! You two cunts were making enough noise 
to wake up the whole house!" Mark said with a grin.

"Well, Janie, now that Daddy's here, don't you think that we should, 
uh, put him to good use?" Kay asked excitedly.

"Exactly my own thoughts," Janie said, suddenly twisting her body and 
throwing her long, slender legs over the edge of the bed, giving her 
father a brief glimpse of the still-moist cleft of her young cunt.

Kay crawled forward, joining her sister and their movements set off a 
teasing jiggling of tit-flesh. All four of the big, firm tits seemed to 
dance before the man's mesmerized eyes.

The two girls rose from the bed together and approached their father. 
Mark watched his daughters, feeling a lust-filled excitement coursing 
through his loins.

Kay and Janie grabbed their father and he felt the belt to his robe tug 
free and then the garment fell to the floor. The girls' hands were all 
over him at once, caressing, teasing, and exploring every inch of his 
naked body.

Suddenly, the man found himself flat on his back on the big bed and Kay 
was suddenly in his arms, her mouth covering his. Her tongue licked at 
his lips, teasing them to open. And when they did, her hot, hard tongue 
whipped rapidly into his mouth. Their tongues locked into each other in 
a long, incestuous kiss. Then she thrust inward, forcing his jaws as 
wide as possible and driving her tongue down his throat.

She pressed hard against her father, her massive tits mashed into the 
naked flesh of his muscular chest. The stiff, pulsing nipples stabbed 
against him lewdly, making him groan with desire for his young 
daughter.

He wrapped his arms around Kay, pulling her tightly against him. Then 
his hands began to roam down her back to her ass, finally cupping the 
cheeks of her trembling little ass. In spite of the thick tongue in her 
mouth, Kay managed to moan out her pleasure as her daddy's fingers 
squeezed into her ass-flesh.

Her moans grew louder as the man's finger tickled along the deep crease 
of her ass. She squirmed on top of him, rolling her huge tits into his 
chest and throwing her tongue to the back of his throat again and 
again. Her hands cradled his handsome, young face and her fingers 
worked through the thick strands of his hair.

Meanwhile, Janie's fingertips were working over his stiff, throbbing 
cock, making Mark moan with excitement in Kay's wide-open mouth.

As Janie continued to play with his cock, Mark felt warm flushes of 
lust shooting through his groin and centering in his loaded balls. The 
girl's fingers drifted up and down the stalk of cock-meat in slow, 
teasing strokes, making the stiff prick jerk and throb against her 
hand.

Kay's lips slowly eased from her father's. Her eyes fluttered open, 
revealing the gleam of lust deep within them. She pushed up on her 
arms, edging forward, and moving above her daddy's head. Her huge tits 
dangled down to him, as if in offering. The areolas surrounding her 
long, stiff nips were straining wide, shining with tautness.

"Suck 'em, Daddy," she cried with an excited grin. "Suck my big tits!"

Mark obediently opened his mouth. Kay lowered herself a bit and one of 
her red-nippled tits brushed against his face. His lips hungrily closed 
around the juicy morsel of tit-flesh. The tip of his tongue licked out, 
stabbing against the rubbery bud.

"Ohhh, good, Daddy, really good," Kay moaned.

Mark slid his hands back up her spine, around her sides, and palmed the 
bulging mounds of the girl's tits. He stroked both tits firmly yet 
gently while his mouth sucked and licked them, making her writhe above 
him.

Meanwhile, Janie's mouth went into action. The girl knelt between her 
father's spread thighs and pushed her long hair back from her beautiful 
face. Then she moved in on the rigid shaft of cock bobbing from his 
loins. Without taking time for any unnecessary foreplay, Janie opened 
her mouth wide and took a good half of her daddy's thick prick-meat 
into her mouth.

"God! Good God!" Mark groaned around the mouthful of Kay's tit as his 
other daughter began to suck him off.

Janie ate her father's cock ravenously, like she couldn't get enough of 
the delicious-tasting cock. And, in truth, she couldn't. There was 
nothing teasing about her mouth movements. Her tongue and lips and 
inner cheek walls were moving hungrily over the big cock and her head 
jerked up and down, fucking her face on the man's prick-stick.

Her lips tightly gripped the pulsing shaft of cock-meat, her tongue 
whipping mercilessly against the swollen stalk. She licked him hard, 
bathing the entire cock with her warm saliva.

Mark was thrilled beyond belief. Kay's tits filled his mouth and hands 
while Janie sucked his cock. Every cell in his body was on fire, thanks 
to his two sexy daughters.

Suddenly, Janie stopped the rapid up-and-down plunges of her face and, 
with all her strength, she sucked his cock. Slowly, a fraction of an 
inch at a time, she pulled her mouth from his prick. Her tongue licked 
and washed over his prick as she pulled free. He groaned with 
disappointment.

Janie's huge tits bobbed and jiggled as she crawled up her father's 
body, posing above his crotch. Her legs squeezed on either side of him 
and her touch was hot and demanding. A wide grin of excitement and lust 
played over her lips. Hovering there above him, she reached down and 
took hold of his cock, squeezing it tightly.

"Ohhhh, baby," he groaned, still sucking Kay's tits.

She reached behind her with her other hand and found his cum-laden 
balls which she immediately began to caress. She jerked his prick 
upright so that it was now fucking straight up in the air.

"Now, I'm gonna fuck you, Daddy. I'm gonna sit down on your huge cock 
and ride the shit out of you!" she cried, laughing with excitement.

Before he could respond, Janie pushed herself up a little and inched 
over her daddy's jutting cock. The drooling slit of her pussy hung 
there above him, its bloated lips pulsing with desire.

Then she began to lower herself. The swollen crown of the man's prick 
nuzzled through the downy golden cunt-fur covering his daughter's 
pussy-mound. The throbbing prick touched the moist lips of her pussy.

"Ohhhhhhh, this is gonna be sooo good, Daddy," Janie moaned, her face 
and tits flushing with excitement.

"Yeah, baby, do it, fuck your daddy!" Mark groaned, lifting his ass up 
from the bed.

The girl's quivering knees suddenly gave way and she fell, skewering 
the complete length of her father's cock up into the warm, clasping 
flesh of her pussy.

"God! Your cock's sooo big! It's filling me all up!" the girl cried 
excitedly.

Her cunt was tightly clamped down around his meaty cock-rod, squeezing 
him with its caressing folds. His prick jerked and twitched inside her, 
but she held him securely with her tightened pussy-muscles.

"Ohhhh, yeah, baby, yeah!" Mark groaned again.

"God, Daddy! It feels like you're fucked all the way up into my belly!" 
Janie cried, clenching her teeth against the tide of desire that swept 
through her.

Kay popped one of her gigantic tits out of her father's hand and mouth 
and twisted her head around to see what her sister was doing. When she 
saw that Janie was completely impaled on their father's big cock, she 
let out a squeal of excitement and thrust her tit back into her daddy's 
mouth, turning on all the more.

Mark's hips jerked up, drilling even deeper into the hot cunt that 
surrounded his cock-stalk. Janie moaned again as she gladly and 
willingly accepted all the hot prick he could feed her. She swayed on 
top of him a little, her undulating hips rocking him back and forth 
within her pussy.

She squeezed down again, feeling virgin tight to the man who was 
already beside himself with fuck-lust for his gorgeous, sexy daughter 
who was so expertly fucking him.

Janie squirmed around some more, as if settling into a more comfortable 
position. Then she slowly pushed up, using her knees and thighs for 
leverage. The moist folds of her cunt still gripped his cock as she 
rose up. Slowly, teasingly, she climbed the throbbing rod of her 
daddy's cock. Then, stopping at the top of her rise, she paused for a 
moment with only the pulsing head of his prick nestled inside her.

Then she lowered herself once again. She slid downward, her tight 
little cunt hungrily swallowing up the rigid cock. She filled her body 
with it, filled the wanton hole of her cunt with her father's prick.

He packed every inch of her cunt with long, hard cock and she thrilled 
to every throbbing inch of him. When she tightened her cunt-muscles 
around him, she could feel his prick pulsing lewdly in response. And 
her desire grew.

"Ohhhhh, baby," Mark moaned around Kay's tits. He moved one hand to 
Janie's thighs and stroked her there as she rose and lowered herself on 
his prick.

There was nothing hurried about Janie's fucking movements. Her every 
move was calculated to give her father pleasure and to let herself 
relish the huge hard cock that she was thrusting in and out of her 
pussy.

Suddenly, Kay moved and Mark felt the softness of her inner thighs 
brush against his shoulders. His eyes opened and he found himself 
staring up into the moist lips of his youngest daughter's cunt. Her 
pussy-slit trembled as he blew a warm stream of air over it.

His lips pursed and he eagerly kissed the young girl's quivering cunt.

"Ohhh, yessss, Daddy," Kay moaned, her entire body shaking with 
excitement. She wiggled around, bringing the wet gash of her cunt 
closer to her father's face.

His tongue curled out and ran along the pink pussy-slit, tasting the 
flow of her cunt-juices that welled up there. He smacked his lips 
loudly and Kay laughed hoarsely.

He probed between her bloated pussy-lips, reaming the tip of his tongue 
to the top of her cunt. There, swollen with lust, was her clit.

"Hurry, Daddy, hurry!" Kay groaned. "I can't wait any longer! Touch my 
clit with your tongue!"

Teasingly, he touched his daughter's rigid clit with the tip of his 
tongue.

"Yessss," she hissed. Tremors of hot pleasure raced through her young 
body and her moans of delight aroused her father and sister even more.

Running his tongue back, he thrust it upward, spearing it deeply into 
her hot pussy-hole.

"Ahhhhh, yesssss," she moaned again, her hips rocking from side to 
side. Thick, oozing juices filled her pussy and her father hungrily 
sucked them away.

Then, using his tongue like a miniature prick, he fucked it in and out 
of her cunt-hole. He whipped his tongue around in the trembling folds 
of her wet cunt-flesh, eating her out expertly and filled her with a 
hot, raging fuck-lust.

"Oh, that's so hot, Daddy! Eat her pussy! Eat Kay's pussy!" Janie 
cried, watching with widening eyes as her father ate her sister's 
pussy.

The older girl grew so hot that she started to ride her daddy's cock 
faster and harder. She moved in a wild frenzy now, slamming her cunt up 
and down, fucking herself on the man's rigid prick. She pushed her legs 
up and down, thrusting his swollen prick in and out of her pussy with 
wanton lust, unable to get enough of her father's delicious-feeling 
cock.

Mark was out of his mind with pleasure and desire. His older girl was 
frenziedly riding his cock with her hot, clenching pussy and his 
younger girl had her pussy mashed up tightly against his mouth while he 
ate her out. It was paradise, he thought happily. Every man's dream 
come true!

His hips humped up with each downward drop of Janie's cunt. His hard 
cock rammed into her hot, lust-filled cunt-hole and he groaned as he 
felt her cunt-muscles tighten around his cock. His balls were boiling 
hot now, eager to spill their load.

Matching the rhythm of Janie's fucking movements, he licked and fucked 
into Kay's pussy over and over, driving the young girl to the very 
brink of orgasm. He drove his tongue into her hard and deep, moaning as 
he swallowed more and more of her rapidly flowing cunt-juices.

"Ohhh, yeah, Daddy, that feels sooo good! You're eating my cunt soooo 
good!" Kay groaned, half out of her mind with desire and excitement as 
her father continued to ream out her pussy with his skillful tongue.

She sat squarely on his face now, burying his mouth in the lips of her 
cunt. She whimpered with delight as his tongue thrust into her again 
and again.

Mark moved one hand and his exploring fingers wove through the soft 
curls of Katy's cunt-fur. Once more he wrapped his hot hard tongue 
around her twitching clit, teasing it, fondling it.

That was all Kay needed to come. Her entire body shuddered violently as 
a gut-wrenching orgasm shot through her.

"Commmmiiinnngg!" she screamed and another jolt of pussy-juice shot 
from her pussy-hole and into her father's mouth.

The young girl came so hard that her body shook her right off her 
father's face and she fell onto the bed, her cunt still spasming 
orgasmically.

Now, Mark turned his entire attention to Janie, who was fucking him 
furiously.

"Ohhh, Daddy," Janie groaned, "I'm gonna come soon! Your cock's so big 
and hard! I just love it!"

Her father's cock felt like a flaming rod as it filled every nook and 
cranny of her little cunt. Each time she lowered herself on his prick, 
he lifted his lips powerfully, thrusting his cock as far into her as he 
could. And, as she rose up on his cock, he drew back until only the 
plump tip of his blood-engorged prick was still inside her.

What seemed like gallons of thick, warm pussy-juice ran out from the 
girl's cunt, drenching her daddy's cock and trickling lewdly down her 
inner thighs.

She rode the man's spike of cock-meat up and down, faster and harder 
with each movement as she strained toward the orgasm she needed so 
badly.

Mark's hips jerked and bucked, driving the full length of his cock into 
the weeping gash of his daughter's cunt. He drilled his prick hard into 
her, groaning with pleasure when he felt the very tip of his cock 
striking against the back wall of her pussy-tunnel.

They fucked each other harder and harder, each matching the furious 
fuck-pace of the other.

Then, Janie came, her body trembling violently as waves of pleasure 
washed over her. And, just then, Mark's orgasm broke loose, releasing a 
flood of hot, creamy cum which gushed into Janie's spasming cunt.

As their orgasms subsided, Mark held out his arms and Janie and Kay 
snuggled eagerly into them, both of the young girls sighing with 
gratitude for their sexy, virile father.



Chapter 5


"You little bitch!" Nick yelled with a laugh as he pulled his mouth 
away from Kay, who had just bitten the tip of his tongue.

"That's just what I feel like today, Nick, a bitch--a bitch in heat. 
Wanna do something about it?" the young girl asked wantonly.

"Sure. You're a bitch all right, my little bitch," the boy grinned, 
reaching out and pulling his sister against him once again.

The two teenagers kissed each other long and hard. This time, Kay 
didn't bite her brother's tongue. Instead, she used her own tongue 
against his, fucking at it lewdly.

"And I know just how to handle you when you're in a bitchy mood like 
today," Nick murmured as their mouths parted.

"Oh, yeah? And how is that?" she asked suggestively.

"Can't you guess? A girl who feels like a bitch has to be fucked like a 
bitch, like a bitch in heat, just like you said," he said, leering at 
her.

One of his hands crept over her ass and eased between her legs.

"Yeah, you need to be fucked from behind, mounted like a female dog," 
he said, his cock stiffening with desire.

His hand suddenly squeezed her cunt-mound beneath the fabric of her 
tight jeans. The sexy young girl shivered, snuggling against him. Her 
head tilted up and her lips parted. Again, his mouth covered hers. His 
tongue darted in after her tongue, finding it and licking at it, 
arousing both of the teenagers more and more.

As their mouths parted, both of his hands caressed the firm cheeks of 
her ass.

"Okay, bitch, get your clothes off! I want to see you naked and on your 
knees!" he ordered.

"Yes, Nick, yes!" his sister responded eagerly, a big grin lighting up 
her face.

She rose from the sofa and stood before her brother as a slave might 
stand before her master. Her fingers moved to the neck of her blouse 
and quickly worked the first button free. Nick's eyes fixed on the pink 
girl-flesh slowly being exposed as the front of his sister's blouse 
slowly opened.

The last button undone, Kay wiggled her shoulders and let the blouse 
slide from her body and drop to the floor. Her massive tits bounced 
freely, trembling with excitement. Nick swallowed hard as he stared at 
his sexy sister.

The girl's eyes were on his, watching him as he watched her. She could 
see how turned on he was becoming and that fact turned her on more, 
too.

Now, her fingers moved to the single snap on her jeans and its zipper. 
She quickly worked both open and tucked her hands beneath the top of 
her pants. She shimmied the tight jeans over her hips and down her 
long, slender legs, then stepped from them.

She was not wearing any panties, as usual, so that now she stood 
completely naked before her brother.

"Beautiful, baby," Nick murmured, his gaze drifting from her big tits 
down to the downy, triangular mound of her pussy. "You're one sexy, 
beautiful chick, you know?"

"Thanks, Brother Dear, and you're a great fuck!" Kay said with a laugh, 
eager to feel her brother dog-fucking her as he had promised. "Now it's 
your turn, Nick. Come on, strip!"

With a grin, Nick rose from the couch and, imitating his sister's slow 
strip, he deliberately worked his jeans down very slowly and then 
pulled off his jockey shorts. As his eyes rose back to hers, he found 
her gaze focused on the rising length of cock jutting out from his 
crotch. Her huge tits heaved and quivered with arousal as she looked at 
him.

He tore his shirt off and moved toward Kay.

"Kiss it, baby," he whispered huskily.

"Ohhhh, yessss, Nickie!" she moaned, dropping to her knees before him. 
She opened her mouth and eagerly gobbled up the boy's prick.

Nick groaned. His little sister was always so hot and eager to suck him 
off and it never failed to thrill him. She chewed at his cock a bit, 
then sucked hard, her cheeks hollowing deeply under the intensity of 
her suction. When she pulled her face from his cock moments later, it 
stood hard and rigid, glistening with the wetness of her saliva.

"Don't forget ... you've got a hot bitch in heat on your hands," she 
said, smiling up at him.

"How could I ever forget?" Nick laughed. "Now get on your hands and 
knees!"

"Ohhh, goody!" she cried as she dropped to her hands and knees 
obediently.

The firm cheeks of her ass wagged up at him in an undeniable invitation 
for him to begin the dog-style fuck he had promised her. And it was an 
invitation the boy couldn't refuse any more than he could stop 
breathing.

He eagerly knelt behind her upturned ass, gently stroking the two 
mounds that quivered in his hands. She moaned softly and wriggled back, 
pressing her ass lewdly against the palms of his hands. He squeezed 
hard, kneading the soft yet firm flesh of her ass, an action that 
brought even more moans from the young blonde.

She spread her thighs wide and Nick slipped his right hand between her 
legs, cupping her moist cunt.

Nick rubbed his sister's furry cunt-mound, squeezing it teasingly a few 
times. The girl purred with pleasure, thrilling to her brother's 
incestuous touch.

Then, with a low groan, the young boy stuck his index finger up into 
her pussy. It was wet and hot inside and her cunt-juices were flowing 
like a river. Sucking her brother's cock had aroused Kay so powerfully 
that she was more than ready to be dog-fucked with no need for 
foreplay.

He wiggled his finger around in her cunt a few more times and then 
pulled it out with a wet, sucking sound. Edging closely behind her, he 
gripped his cock and directed its throbbing head toward the upturned 
pussy-slit of his sister.

Nick's prick was throbbing with need as he positioned himself behind 
his little sister, poised before her bloated pussy-lips. Then his hips 
jerked forward and he slammed every inch of his huge hard cock into her 
tight, wet pussy.

"Aaaaarrrrgghhhh," she moaned.

The girl's entire body quaked with excitement and pleasure as her pussy 
gladly accepted the thick prick-rod Nick fed into her. His cock was so 
big that it filled her all up with its fatness, straining the clenching 
walls of her pussy.

He couldn't enter her as deep as when he was on top of her or when she 
was on top of him, but his large, spongy cock-head was touching areas 
of her cunt he had never touched before. And delicious hot thrills 
swirled through her loins, turning her on even more.

The boy didn't move at first. He simply knelt there, his big cock 
burrowed securely in his sister's little cunt. It felt to him as if 
this were where his cock belonged--always. To his cock, Kay's cunt was 
home. Her hot, wet pussy clung to his prick-shaft, bathing him in the 
liquid warmth of her juicy cunt.

"Ohhh, Nickie," Kay groaned, tightening her cunt-muscles around her 
brother's prick. "Fuck me, Nickie!" she demanded, "I'm your hot little 
bitch! Fuck meeeee!"

"You got it, bitch! Brace yourself!" Nick growled with a wide grin.

Then, taking hold of her trembling asscheeks once again, he slowly drew 
his cock out of her pussy. He paused with only the swollen head of his 
prick still inside her. Then he rammed his entire prick back inside her 
quivering cunt-hole, his hairy crotch slamming against her ass.

"Yesssss," she hissed. "That's it! Yessss!"

Again, the boy dragged his swollen cock back and plunged back into the 
tight hole of her cunt, this time with so much force that he jarred her 
hard, almost making her lose her balance. But she had no complaints. 
Rather, on his next cock-thrust, her ass jerked back to meet him.

"Ohhhh, yesssss, Nickie, that's it! Fuck me haaaard!" the girl 
screamed, half out of her mind with fuck-lust.

Her head hung low and rolled from side to side. Her eyes were closed 
tightly and she focused every bit of her attention on her brother's 
long, fat prick, which was pumping in and out of her hot, wet cunt.

She squeezed down with all her strength as his slab of cock-meat 
pistoned in and out of her tight cunt-tunnel. Then, as he paused at the 
top of his fuck-stroke, she loosened her hold, opening the way for him.

He plowed hard and deep into the spongy cunt-folds of her inner pussy-
flesh. Her huge tits swayed from her chest, jarred by the force of his 
reaming thrusts. Nick jerked outward only to ram his prick back into 
the heated hole of his sister's cunt.

Harder and harder, he fucked into her open pussy. Releasing the hold on 
her ass, he leaned on her back, reaching around and grabbing the 
swinging tits that throbbed so lewdly against the palms of his hands.

As Nick lay on his sister's back, he showered her neck and shoulders 
with a series of wet kisses and light nips. Meanwhile, his fingers 
kneaded into her soft, pulsing tit-flesh. He squeezed and pinched the 
long, stiff nipples, making the girl groan with excitement.

Their hips rocked back and forth in perfect sync with each other. As he 
thrust into her, she moved back to meet him. And, as he eased back, she 
slid from him, letting his big cock drive back into her pussy. Again 
and again, they fucked each other dog-style, fucking harder and deeper 
with each fuck-thrust.

Nick let go of one of Kay's tits and slid that hand down over her 
quivering belly, dipping a finger into the gash of her wet pussy. He 
had barely touched her twitching clit when the girl went wild.

"Aieeeeee!" she shrieked.

She bucked and hunched, completely abandoning herself to her lust-
filled needs. She rocked back and forth, fucking herself on his cock as 
much as he fucked her. She grunted and groaned as she took his stiff, 
hot prick time and time again.

Nick expertly dog-fucked his sister, ramming his huge prick in and out, 
pistoning into her like a well-oiled jack-hammer. At the same time, he 
continued to fondle her clit with one hand while the fingers of his 
other hand played over her bulging tits.

"Commmmmiiinnngg!" she cried suddenly.

Wave of hot, incestuous pleasure cascaded through her body. Thick jets 
of cunt-juice shot from her pussy-hole and drenched his cock and his 
finger.

Nick felt his sister's clit spasming hard against his finger as she 
came and the lewd sensation aroused the boy even more as he continued 
to fuck her while she came.

"I'm gonna come too, baby! Hang on!" Nick groaned.

He slammed himself forward, burying the entire length of his huge cock 
into the quivering folds of her cunt and he came.

"Ohhh, yeses, Nickie, come inside meeee!" the girl wailed, thrusting 
her trembling asscheeks back to meet his thrust. "I want to feel your 
cum shooting into meeee! Let me have it, Nick! Let me have all of it! 
Gimme all your jism, Nick! I want it! I need it! God, how I need it!"

Hot, thick cum spurted into her young, orgasming pussy just as the peak 
of her own climax struck her. The boy's balls churned and boiled over, 
releasing what seemed like gallons of the creamy goo that his sister 
needed so badly. Nick's body was shuddering as violently as Kay's as 
the two teenagers came hard, still slamming their crotches against each 
other.

The girl's hungry cunt eagerly swallowed every drop of her brother's 
jism. She tightened her cunt-muscles even harder around Nick's jerking 
cock. Her cunt-walls squeezed the prick hard, trying to milk every 
single ounce of cream from it.

And still the two youngsters came. Nick continued to shoot more and 
more cum into Kay's cunt as her own orgasm shook through her, making 
her entire body quake with pleasure and excitement. Long moments later, 
as their orgasms began to ebb at last, Kay managed to lower herself to 
the floor, feeling as if her arms and legs were about to collapse. 
Moving with her, Nick lay there on her back, relishing the sensation of 
his sister's pussy throbbing around his cock which was still embedded 
in her sopping wet cunt.

Neither of them moved until their breathing grew slower and Nick's cock 
grew rock-hard inside his sister's pussy once again. Then they moved, 
only to start fucking again.



Chapter 6


An hour later, after Kay and Nick left to go sit by the pool in the 
backyard, their mother, May Wagner, returned home from a week-long trip 
to visit her sister in a nearby city.

She smiled to herself as she stepped into the living room, glad to be 
home. Suddenly, she stopped short, breathing in deeply. Sex! she 
thought. There was the unmistakable aroma of recent sex in the room. 
She would recognize it anywhere. The room definitely reeked of sex. She 
shook her head and inhaled again. The musky, arousing aroma was still 
there, lingering in the room--yes, it was the smell of sex.

She glanced around. The living room looked as it always did but her 
eyes were suddenly drawn to a small, dark spot on the carpet near the 
sofa. She couldn't remember having seen it before.

Walking over to the spot, she knelt down. The spot was moist and it 
glistened. Reaching out, she touched it with a fingertip, shivering as 
she recognized its slippery texture.

Unwilling to believe what was running through her mind, May raised her 
finger to her nose. The scent was just what she had thought--it was 
cum!

She rose and sat down weakly on the couch. Could it have been ... Nick 
and Kay? Somehow, she sensed that they were the guilty ones. She 
realized that it could have been her husband, Mark, and some other 
woman but she knew her husband well enough to know that he enjoyed the 
comfort of a bed when he fucked.

And, of course, it could have been Nick and one of his many admiring 
female friends, but there was something about the way May had noticed 
Kay and Nick looking at each other for a long time now that led the 
woman to believe that her son and daughter had taken to fucking each 
other recently.

She and Mark had often commented to each other about the undeniable 
strong chemistry that seemed to spark between Kay and her brother. And 
now, seeing the spilled cum on the living room carpet, May had no doubt 
that Nick had just fucked his sister.

May licked her lips excitedly, trying to deny the rush of desire that 
swept through her as she thought about her handsome young son. Oh God, 
she thought, how I wish I had been the one he fucked! Kay doesn't know 
how lucky she is! May thought with a red-hot surge of jealousy.

"Hi Mom! You're home!" Nick's voice broke into her thoughts as he 
walked into the room with his sister at his side.

Kay and Nick hugged their mother and they both began to talk animatedly 
about her trip and how much they had missed her. They filled her in on 
everything that had been happening since she had left--well, almost 
everything. They were careful not to mention anything about the recent 
fuck-sessions that had taken place in her home during her absence.

About a half an hour later, Kay kissed her mother on the cheek again 
and rose from the sofa where the three of them had been sitting.

"Gotta go. I'm meeting Christine at the drugstore," she said as she 
bounced across the room toward the front door.

Nick and his mother told Kay good-bye and, after the front door had 
closed behind the young girl, mother and son turned to each other.

May's desire for her young son made her feel suddenly self-conscious 
about being alone in the room with him. She glanced at his large, 
strong hands and she swallowed hard as she tried to imagine what it 
might feel like to have those same hands moving over her huge tits.

"Well, Son," May said, rising from the couch and walking toward the 
staircase where she had left her suitcase. "I think I'll go on upstairs 
and take a nap. See you later."

"Sure, Mom," Nick muttered, his eyes tracing his mother's sexy curves 
as she walked away from him.

In the master bedroom, May took all her clothes off and lay down on the 
large, king-sized bed. She hadn't wanted to leave her son.

Every instinct in her had told her to stay, to reach out and touch his 
crotch, to let him know that she wanted him to fuck her. But her 
motherly conscience had won out and, almost before she had even known 
what she was doing, she had walked out of my room.

She sighed, wondering if there was any chance in the world that her son 
was as powerfully turned on by her as she was by him and his strong, 
young body. She was honest enough with herself to admit that if she 
could be sure of that, she wouldn't hesitate to let him know that she 
wanted to fuck him. So, she thought with a rueful laugh, it wasn't 
conscience at all that had driven her away from him at all. It was a 
fear of rejection!

Suddenly, her door opened and she looked up, gasping when she saw Nick, 
completely naked just as she was, standing in the doorway.

Without a word, Nick walked inside the room and closed the door behind 
him. He stood there at the side of his mother's bed, sporting a huge 
hard-on that made the woman's mouth drool with hunger as she stared at 
it.

Nick gazed down, his eager eyes roving over his mother's naked flesh, 
the film of lust glazing his eyes.

"I want you, Son," May whispered softly, no longer afraid that her son 
might reject her. "I want you inside me."

She reached out and cupped the stiff cock of her boy. He groaned with 
pleasure and his prick thickened and pulsed in his mother's hand. The 
fat head of his young cock jerked upward so that May was staring 
directly into its tiny cum-slit.

Tenderly, her hand gripped her son's rigid cock-shaft, stroking it up 
and down as she moaned with delight. At long last, the horny woman was 
doing the very thing she had only dared to dream about until then.

"That's good, Mom," Nick groaned as he eased himself beside her on the 
bed.

The teenager didn't say any more than that. Instead, he let his hands 
do the talking as they stroked his mother's huge tits. Gently, his 
fingertips traced the outlines of her huge, reddish nipples which 
stiffened before his devouring eyes.

"Ahhh, yeses, Son, yessss," she moaned.

Her eyes fluttered closed as she lost herself in the caresses of her 
son. Her tits swelled and grew hard at his touch and her nipples grew 
impossibly long and rigid as he stroked them again and again.

Then, suddenly, the boy's mouth was on them. His lips and tongue played 
over the woman's throbbing nips as she threw her head back and groaned 
loudly. After licking and sucking his mother's tits for long moments, 
the boy sank his teeth as gently as possible into the sides of the twin 
nips, first attacking one, then the other.

"Yeeeeooowwww! Ohhhh, God, Nick, that feels sooooo good! Do it again, 
Son, do it again! Bite your mother's tits!" she cried hysterically.

With an eager groan, Nick obediently sank his teeth into his mother's 
nipples, bringing forth another moan of pleasure from her parted lips. 
Using both hands, he squeezed her huge tit-mounds together and hungrily 
sucked as much of both the tits into his hot, wet mouth as he possibly 
could.

"Ahhhhh, soooooo good," she moaned, tears of pleasure and joy filling 
her eyes.

He freed one of his hands from her tits and let it drift downward over 
her flat belly. His fingertips paused as they brushed against the 
silken strands of her horny pussy. He felt suddenly unsure of himself.

But May's own hand suddenly covered his, guiding it lower and, with a 
sigh, he lightly stroked his mother's cunt-mound. He began to press 
harder, his fingers squeezing and rubbing the woman's aroused pussy-
flesh. He felt the flow of her juices moistening his fingers and his 
cock jerked in response to the exciting sensation.

Finally, Nick guided one of his fingers between the bloated lips of 
May's pussy. He wiggled it inward, working through the moist folds of 
her inner cunt-lips and on into the burning heat of her pussy-hole.

"Ohhh, yessss!" she cried, already half out of her mind with fuck-lust 
for her young son.

Nick twisted and turned his finger inside his mother's cunt, impaling 
her on it and swirling it over the hot, throbbing walls of her pussy. 
Then he began to pump it in and out of her.

Moaning with desire, May gave herself up to the pleasure of her son's 
finger-fuck for several moments. Then she tugged gently on his cock, 
pulling him up beside her.

"Ohhh, yesss, Mom," he whispered, easing between her spread thighs and 
sliding on top of her. Her boy's muscular weight pressed the woman into 
the mattress, and she thrilled to the sensation. Even though her son 
was only a teenager, he had the body of a man, a very strong, ruggedly 
built man, and it excited her beyond belief.

"I want to fuck you, Mom! I want it more than I've ever wanted anything 
in my life!" the boy groaned.

"That's what I want too, Son!" May responded as she expertly guided the 
boy's rigid cock into the waiting gash of her wet little cunt.

"Your ... big ... cock-head," May panted, flushing with excitement. 
"It's ... in me ... now. It's up ... to you now, Son. Fuck meeeee!"

"I'll fuck you, Mom! I'll fuck you good!" Nick cried as he rammed 
forward, plunging the full length of his turgid prick into his mother's 
pussy with one skillful fuck-thrust.

"Yesssssss," May hissed, squeezing the boy's cock hard with her strong 
cunt-muscles, relishing the feel of having his huge cock inside her 
horny cunt.

May ran her soft hands up her boy's back, savoring the young, strong 
muscles of his body. There was so much power there, power that would 
explode at any minute, releasing his load of cum right into her 
trembling pussy.

Her hips rose and fell from the bed, keeping pace with her son's fuck-
thrusts, rising to meet each of his downward thrusts. Over and over 
again, Nick rammed his hard cock into his mother, feeding her inch 
after inch of his huge prick. He threw his hips into her, cramming her 
little pussy-hole with his thick, pulsing cock-meat.

"Ohhhh, Nick, it feels sooo good! I've been wanting this for so long!" 
the woman moaned, arching her back to open up even more of her aching 
pussy-hole to her beloved son.

"Me too, Mom, me too! I've been wanting to fuck you for as long as I 
can remember!" Nick shouted as he thrust his prick into her harder and 
harder with each plunge.

May moaned out again, pleading with her son to fuck her even harder and 
deeper. His ass jerked up and down in an erotic, pounding rhythm as he 
fucked his mother harder.

"Ahhhhhh, yesssss," she groaned.

She was skewered on her son's cock and she loved it. This was a dream 
come true for her.

Nothing else in the entire world mattered to her at that moment except 
her handsome son and the marvelous prick he was fucking her with at 
long last.

The boy's prick slammed into his mother deeper and deeper, using all of 
his muscular strength to surge into her pussy again and again. He 
fucked her with the power and strength of his youth, turning on more 
and more as she moaned and whimpered beneath him.

"Ahhhhh, it's soooo good, Nickie, sooooo good!" May cried. "Come on! 
Fuck me hard! Fuck me deep! Ram your big, meaty cock up into my pussy!"

She knew that she would be coming soon and she needed it badly.

Nick arched his back and slammed his crotch firmly against May's, 
sending his big prick shooting into her cunt-hole. Over and over, he 
repeated this. Both May and her son were groaning with ecstasy, their 
sweating bodies heaving and thrusting as they fucked toward the orgasm 
they both needed so badly.

Suddenly, May came. She gasped as her orgasm smashed through her. Her 
cunt-walls crushed down hard around Nick's cock and he groaned in 
response. Her bursting clit twitched and throbbed lewdly.

"Commmmmiiinnnggg!" she hollered.

"Meeee toooo, Mom! I'm coming too!" Nick cried.

He continued to plunge in and out of his mother's wet, squishy cunt as 
he shot wad after wad of his thick, hot cum into her.

"Yesssss!" May yelled. "Come inside me, Nick! I love it!"

Her little cunt soon overflowed and her son's thick jizz spilled out 
and splashed onto the sheet beneath them. She felt a red-hot tremor 
pass through her as she realized that one of her most exciting dreams 
had just come true.



Chapter 7


"Want another drink, baby?" Mark Wagner asked his wife, rising from the 
lawn chair next to hers and walking to the wet bar next to the swimming 
pool.

"Sure, Mark, you know me," May said with a chuckle.

It was later that same evening after May and her son, Nick, had fucked 
each other. Kay and Janie and Nick had gone out for the evening, 
leaving their parents home alone. "I really missed you, you know," Mark 
said, handing his wife her strong drink.

"It was just a week, Mark," May said with a coy smile.

"Sure. But for horny people like you and me, a week is a long time!" 
Mark laughed, settling into his lawn chair again, his eyes sweeping 
over his wife's gorgeous, sexy body.

"Now, Mark," May murmured, taking a sip of her drink, "do you really 
expect me to believe that during the entire week I've been gone you 
haven't had any loving?"

"What do you think?" Mark asked with a twinkle in his eye.

"You know what I think! I think you're one of the horniest men I've 
ever known! And I also think that it would be a terrible waste if that 
gorgeous cock of yours didn't make at least one pussy happy while I was 
gone!"

"It's a good thing you're not the jealous type, baby," Mark said 
admiringly as he downed half of his drink. "That's one of the reasons I 
married you, you know."

"Sure I know. It's one of the reasons I married you, too, lover. You're 
not the jealous type either," May said. She and her husband smiled at 
each other, feeling very close in that moment of complete 
understanding.

When they finished their drinks, Mark rose and, giving his wife his 
hand, he silently led her to the plush lawn where he pulled her down 
beside him. He leaned forward and lightly kissed her. His tongue 
flicked out against her lips, parting them, then moving into her mouth.

"Yeah, baby, I really missed you," Mark said when he broke the kiss.

His arms closed around her, drawing her closely against his hairy 
chest, which was naked, with Mark wearing only a pair of bikini briefs.

"Mmmmm, quit talking ... kiss me again," she murmured as her tongue 
licked his lips gently but firmly. She snuggled closer to him, bikini-
clad tits pressing against him.

He could feel her stiffening nipples poking into his chest and the lewd 
sensation excited him beyond belief.

His lips moved from her mouth and softly pressed against her neck. 
Shivers of lust trembled through her body and she moaned in response.

His mouth once again covered hers and his hands moved to her big tits. 
He squeezed the pulsing tit-mounds for a few seconds before tearing her 
bikini top off and flinging it to the ground beside her.

"Gorgeous tits ... such gorgeous tits ... so big ... so firm," he 
muttered, his eyes widening with excitement.

His fingers kneaded and stroked the throbbing tit-flesh as May writhed 
and moaned beneath her husband's touch. Her nipples fattened under the 
man's exploring fingertips.

Her tits felt swollen and huge, at least twice their normal size. She 
glanced down and moaned again, the sight of her husband squeezing her 
tits arousing her almost as much as his expert touch.

Mark leaned over and lightly kissed the rubbery bud of one of her nips.

"Ohhhhh, nice," she moaned.

Then his lips closed around her nipple. His tongue flicked out and 
twirled around the stiffened bud. He groaned with pleasure, relishing 
the taste of his wife's tits.

Hot flames of lust shot through her body from her tits to her loins as 
her husband continued to suck her tits, moving his hot, wet mouth from 
one tit to the other.

"Ohhhhh, that feels sooo good, darling, suck me harder!" May groaned, 
reaching behind his head and pulling him down, forcing him to accept 
even more of her tit-flesh into his mouth.

He responded willingly and hungrily, gobbling up as much of the tasty 
tit-flesh as possible. At the same time, his hands moved down her 
sides. His finger slipped under the top of her bikini bottoms and she 
lifted her hips a bit, helping him slide them down. Now she was 
completely naked.

He released her tits from his mouth moments later and pulled back 
slightly from her to get a good look at her gorgeous body. His eyes 
drifted over her huge tits to the thick patch of her golden pussy-hair.

She grinned up at him and spread her thighs lewdly, allowing her 
husband a full view of her cunt.

"God, but you're gorgeous, baby!" he groaned as he quickly peeled his 
briefs off.

His cock, hard and rigid, jutted out from his crotch like a flagpole. 
He watched his wife's gaze drop down to his prick and he grinned with 
delight as he saw her eyes widen and her nostrils flare with 
excitement.

"So are you, honey. So are you!" May gasped, her eyes still fixed on 
her husband's cock.

I want that, she thought to herself as she continued to stare at the 
thick stalk of the man's cock. I'd almost forgotten just how big and 
thick my husband's cock was! Fucking Nick was great. I'll never forget 
it and I'll want to fuck him again very soon. But he's not home right 
now and Mark is, Mark and his huge, hard prick. I want to take every 
delicious inch of that gorgeous cock into my little pussy!

They fell back onto the lawn and once more they kissed. Mark's tongue 
drove into her mouth hard this time with a sense of urgency. She 
responded with a soft moan, her own tongue circling his as it drove 
toward the depths of her throat.

Her hands moved over his chest, tugging at the little hairs that curled 
there. Her fingers moved on down until they touched the throbbing shaft 
of his cock. The surface of his cockshaft was smooth and soft, only 
thinly disguising the rock-hard firmness beneath it. And it thrilled 
May as it always did.

She ran her fingers from the engorged head of his prick to its hairy 
base and it jerked and twitched beneath her obscene touch. And it 
jerked even more as she ran her fingertips back up the thick cock.

Meanwhile, Mark's hands stroked his wife's inner thighs. Then one of 
his hands moved inward, weaving through the thick fleece of her pussy-
fur. He cupped the prominent mound of her pussy and squeezed it hard.

"Ohhhhhhh," she moaned.

Her hands clamped down around the solid rod of his cock, jerking him 
off with a deep sense of lust and excitement. His own groan let her 
know that she was giving him as much pleasure as he was giving her.

Mark worked a finger up into the wet inner folds of his wife's cunt. 
The heavy flow of her aroused juices washed around his impaled finger 
and he groaned with excitement.

May clamped her pussy-muscles down around her husband's finger, 
squeezing the spongy folds of her cunt-hole around it. As he began to 
stroke his finger in and out of her hot, wet pussy, he ran his thumb up 
to the top of her cunt-slit and rubbed her clit.

"Ohhhhh, that's good," she whimpered as a hot, tingling excitement 
coursed through her loins. Her hips began to move instinctively, 
thrusting up and back, in perfect rhythm with the finger that was so 
expertly fucking her pussy.

May's entire body ached with desire as her hands squeezed and pulled on 
Mark's stiff cock-rod. Suddenly, he rolled on top of her and the stiff 
nips on her tits speared into his naked chest.

"Ahhhh," she moaned.

Writhing beneath him, she felt him pull his finger free from her 
steaming pussy-hole. She reached down and pulled his prick to the 
trembling mouth of her cunt.

"Fuck meeeee, Mark, fuck meeee!" she cried.

And he did. He plunged his huge prick into his wife's pussy.

"Aaarghhhhh," she groaned in abandoned lust and pleasure.

She squeezed her cunt-muscles hard around his cock, holding him there 
inside her. She could feel every fat throbbing inch of her husband's 
prick pulsing against the walls of her pussy and she loved the lewd 
sensation.

He lowered his head to hers and they tongue-kissed each other over and 
over again. Inch by hard inch, he eased his cock from her pussy. The 
walls of her cunt snapped at him as he withdrew, trying to hold his 
cock inside her, but the oozing flow of her pussy-juices allowed his 
prick to slide out easily. He paused with only the head of his cock 
still inside her throbbing, bloated pussy-lips.

"Brace yourself, baby," he murmured, grinning down at her.

"Go for it, Mark, I'm ready," May panted, knowing that he was about to 
fuck into her even harder than before.

Her hands moved around behind him and gripped his muscular ass-cheeks, 
pulling him toward her. At that instant, he plunged his huge, stone-
like prick into her trembling pussy to the hilt.

"Ooooffff! You're all the way inside me! I can feel you!" she panted.

He paused inside her again, bathing in the hot juiciness of her cunt as 
it squeezed his cock.

"Ahhhhh, baby, you feel so tight and good!" he groaned.

As he once more slipped his prick from her cunt, it felt swollen to its 
limits. Each time he thrust into his wife's cunt, his lust grew and the 
cum in his balls began to boil.

He drove hard into her again and again, his crotch meeting hers in a 
loud, wet slap. He ground down, giving her clit the full treatment. And 
then again he wrenched up and slammed back down, drilling his big cock 
into his wife's honeyed cunt.

"Yessss! Ohhh, God, yessss, Mark! You're fucking me sooo good! Fuck 
meeeee hard!" she groaned.

His fuck-rhythm was hard and deep as he continued to fuck her. He 
rammed into her, fucking the tight slit of her cunt almost brutally. 
His prick went into her deeper and harder with each fuck-thrust.

The air around them was filled with the smell of sex and the wet sounds 
of fucking. Naked flesh slapped against naked flesh and sloshing, 
splashing pussy-juices sounded as cock fucked into pussy.

May was no longer in control of her own body. She had gone wild, her 
lust dictating every move of her body. Her hips jerked and bucked as 
she threw herself upward on each impaling stroke of the man's cock. She 
thrashed and writhed beneath him. She hunched and groaned, her narrow 
pussy-tunnel greedily swallowing up the massive length of the 
delicious-feeling cock that fucked her.

Both May and Mark were super-horny people. During the years of their 
married life together, they had fucked each other many, many times, 
even more than the average married couple. They knew each other's body 
well and they knew exactly what to do and how to do it to bring the 
maximum amount of pleasure to themselves and to each other. Their years 
of fucking experience with each other were reflected in the skilled, 
practiced way they fucked together now.

They fucked in perfect harmony, resembling a beautiful, sweating 
fucking machine. They were a well-rehearsed team working toward a 
common goal--orgasm.

They worked together, the lust within them growing stronger by the 
second. There was no longer anything tender or gentle about their 
actions. They were brutal, savage, lust-driven to achieve that 
heightened peak of pleasure that they both needed so desperately.

Mark's prick pistoned in and out of his wife's pussy and her crotch 
rocked up and down as she matched him stroke for stroke. He speared his 
prick into her cunt deeper and deeper still, fucking her pussy at a 
frenzied pace.

May was no longer even aware that she was lying flat on her back in her 
own backyard. She no longer felt the cool grass against her naked back 
or the light evening breeze that caressed her sweating body. All she 
knew or felt at that moment was the man pressing her down and the fat 
prick he fucked in and out of her body.

Suddenly, she began to come. Brilliantly colored flashing lights 
exploded behind her closed eyelids. Her pussy caught fire and even more 
cunt-juice gushed from her little pussy-hole, completely wetting down 
her husband's cock and his prick-hairs, which were already matted from 
his pre-cum and her fuck-juices.

"Ohhhh, God, I'm there!" she shrieked, coming hard and violently.

As she came, her cunt squeezed and contracted around his twitching 
prick. Mark felt his wife's cunt-muscles milking him almost painfully 
and he knew that he could hold back no longer. May's slick cunt-flesh 
was spasming lewdly around his throbbing cock and the sensation was so 
exciting to the lust-filled man that he could hardly stand it.

He continued to fuck her, driving his huge cock in and out of her 
orgasming cunt. His cum-laden balls jerked up violently against the 
base of his prick and his jism boiled over. Inch by inch, the hot, 
creamy goo moved up the tube of his cock from his balls. Mark groaned, 
knowing that he was about to shoot his entire load into May's cunt.

At that instant, his hot, thick cum jetted into May's quivering pussy, 
which was still involved in a thunderous orgasm. His creamy spunk 
coated her pussy-walls and mingled lewdly with her own cunt-juices.

The molten liquid overflowed her little pussy and ran obscenely down 
her quaking thighs. Finally it splashed wetly onto the lawn below the 
fucking couple.

"Yessssss!" she cried hysterically as her husband's body jerked 
spasmodically and he completely emptied himself into her, his balls 
finally drained.



Chapter 8


"You're so beautiful ... and sexy, Janie," Mark murmured, looking at 
his naked daughter admiringly.

"Thanks, Daddy," the older of his two teenaged daughters blushed 
attractively.

Sitting on the edge of her bed, she trembled with excitement. Her 
creamy thighs opened up a bit, allowing her father to see the wet 
crease of her pussy beneath the nest of her pussy-hairs.

"Don't forget your promise, Daddy," she said softly, blushing again.

"You mean my promise to lick your pretty little pussy?" Mark asked with 
a laugh. "Don't worry, baby. There's just no way I could ever forget 
something like that. I've really been looking forward to running my 
tongue up that tight little cunt-tunnel of yours!"

"Ohhhh, yeses, Daddy," Janie hissed.

"Yeah, I'm gonna eat your little cunt all right. Then, before I fill it 
with my cock, I'm gonna feel your hot lips around my prick!"

"Ooooooh! In my mouth? Your cock?" Janie asked almost incoherently. She 
was so turned on by her father's depraved words that she could hardly 
stand it!

"You got it, baby," Mark responded. "I want you to take my cock all the 
way down your throat."

Mark unbuttoned his shirt and pulled it from his body. Janie's eyes 
were fixed on her father as his hands moved to his belt and then to the 
zipper of his pants. Peeling the trousers from his muscular legs, he 
quickly worked his shorts down and his big cock sprang free, hard and 
swollen. Its smooth head glistened with the man's pre-cum and Janie 
moaned softly as she stared at the huge prick.

"Yeah, every inch of it," Mark said, grinning at his young daughter. 
"You're gonna love it--after I have my fill of your pussy."

The teenager's thighs automatically moved farther apart as her father 
moved toward her. The lewd slit of her cunt was already damp with the 
pussy-juice that flowed just from the thought of having her daddy's 
mouth on her bloated cunt-lips. Her entire body trembled with 
anticipation as Mark lowered himself to the floor in front of her.

Mark reached out and his hands stroked his little girl's inner thighs. 
She moaned, shuddering with hot, incestuous excitement. His eyes moved 
to hers and father and daughter grinned at each other. Then the man 
turned his full attention to the golden-fleeced mound of Janie's pussy.

The young girl's gaze followed her father's every movement as he slowly 
leaned forward. His lips puckered and he pressed them firmly against 
her wet pussy.

"Ohhhhhh, Daddy!" Janie cried, her voice trembling and her body shaking 
with the red-hot thrills that raced through her. "Ohhhh, that feels 
soooo good!"

While Janie continued to watch her father's lewd actions, Mark slowly 
extended his tongue while his fingers gripped each side of her cunt. 
Easing the plump lips of her cunt apart with his hands, he let the tip 
of his tongue trace up and down the pink cleft of her little pussy.

"Ohhhh, sweeet Jeeesus!" she groaned with wild abandon as the man's 
tongue moved up and down her cunt-slit and inner cunt-flesh.

Mark moaned with desire. By now he had sucked and fucked his daughters 
many times, but he knew that he would never get used to the heady 
excitement of eating teenaged pussy. The taste was musky and very, very 
exciting.

His tongue still embedded in her quivering cunt-flesh, he began to rub 
her twitching clit with one finger.

"Aieeeee!" Janie shouted.

Her body shook uncontrollably as her daddy's tongue and finger stirred 
within her pussy. She reached down and caressed the man's cheeks, 
showing her deep gratitude to him for making her feel so good. Her 
fingertips could feel the motion of his darting tongue within his mouth 
and she thrilled to the obscene sensations. Her eyes feasted on the 
moist, pink tongue that lashed up and down the wet slit of her cunt. 
Mark used his tongue to tease his daughter into even more desire before 
he finally drilled his hard tongue into her steaming pussy-hole.

"Aaarghhhh," she gurgled as she felt her daddy's tongue fucking into 
her.

Over and over again, the man tongue-fucked his daughter's cunt as his 
cock grew harder and harder with each passing second. He twisted his 
tongue about within her hot, wet pussy-hole as she moaned and bucked 
above him.

Mark's hungry mouth made wet, smacking sounds as he continued to eat 
his little girl's pussy and the erotic sounds just served to turn Janie 
on even more as she writhed above him. She pushed herself forward on 
the edge of the bed and forced even more of her wet pussy against her 
father's face.

Thick, hot cunt-juices flowed into Mark's mouth from his daughter's 
cunt and he eagerly swallowed every drop of the delicious-tasting 
fluid.

"Aieeeee! Commmiiinnnggg, Daddy!" she cried suddenly, putting both her 
hands on the back of his head and shoving his mouth into the dampness 
of her cunt.

Her orgasmic cries filled the room and her violent shuddering shook the 
bed as she came. She thrashed and writhed as her daddy's tongue fucked 
in and out of her pussy relentlessly until her orgasm subsided.

Mark's face glistened with the moisture of Janie's cunt as he rose and 
stood over her.

Janie's eyes dropped to her father's rigid lance of cock-meat jutting 
out from his crotch and she gasped with raw, cunt-churning excitement. 
Her lips parted and her tongue flicked out, moistening them.

Mark's prick, fat and swollen with lust for the girl, bobbed only a few 
inches from her mouth.

"Kiss it, baby," he whispered, his voice husky with desire. "Kiss my 
cock nice and easy."

As he watched her, her head tilted forward. Her lips, soft and wet, 
brushed against the straining head of his prick. A jolt of pleasure 
sizzled through his loins. His cock jerked and twitched with abandoned 
delight.

The knowledge that her mouth gave her father so much pleasure excited 
Janie. And, again, she kissed the thick crown of his cock, moaning with 
excitement as she once more made his cock jerk and twitch.

She gripped the throbbing shaft of the man's cock and her tongue 
touched the little slit at the center of the prick-head. When her 
tongue moved back, its tip was coated with one of the pearly cum-drops 
that oozed from his prick.

She stuck her tongue out again and this time it washed over the 
sensitive surface of his prick. She coated his cock with the warm 
moisture from her mouth.

"Suck it now," he whispered.

Her eyes rolled up to his and a smile turned up the corners of her 
mouth. Then her lips spread wide and even wider. When her face dropped 
back to his crotch, she quickly swallowed up most of his prick.

Her nostrils flared wide as she took even more of his prick into her 
mouth. Her lips clamped tightly around his stalk of cock and she moved 
her face up and down on the man's big, hard prick.

Janie slid her mouth up and down, up and down, finding an easy, natural 
rhythm that brought fire to her father's groin. His hips swayed back 
and forth as he shoved his prick in and out of her face, fucking her 
mouth with his cock.

Sucking her daddy's cock thrilled the teenager beyond belief. Every 
cell and nerve-ending in her body tingled with fuck-lust and an ocean 
of cunt-juice flowed within her hot pussy.

His prick was hard and rigid inside her mouth. And, as she was jolted 
back and forth by the savage thrusts of his hips, she realized that he 
could probably break her jaws with the massive pole of cock-meat 
between his legs if he wanted to. But she knew that that wasn't likely 
to happen because she knew that he was every bit as excited about 
having her mouth on his cock as she was. He was enjoying it too much to 
hurt her.

Her head bobbed up and down as she impaled herself on her father's 
cock. She swallowed, drinking down the mixture of saliva and pre-cum. 
Her tight lips slid up and down the throbbing shaft of the man's prick. 
Her tongue licked out hard and her mouth sucked eagerly, impatient for 
that exciting moment when her father would dump his load of cum down 
her throat.

Standing before his cock-sucking daughter, Mark groaned. His legs 
trembled with the rush of incestuous sensations the young girl's mouth 
was giving him. She nibbled a bit on the fat slab of cock-meat in her 
mouth and he groaned again with pain and pleasure.

Janie sucked harder, her cheeks hollowing deeply, bringing him more 
pleasure than pain now.

"Ohhhh, yeah, baby," he moaned huskily.

She whipped her stiff tongue around her daddy's stiff cock and he shook 
all over with pleasure. He jerked and twitched as his prick slid over 
her tongue and halfway down her throat. He knew that he was about to 
come and he longed for the special thrill he always felt whenever he 
came down one of his sexy, teenaged daughter's throat.

Mark's eyes were glued to the girl's mouth where it wrapped around his 
fat, throbbing prick. He watched, in fascination, as his glistening 
cock-rod moved in and out of her sucking mouth. Deeper and deeper with 
each jerk of his hips, he fed her inch after inch of his swollen cock. 
She took him greedily, sucking and licking hungrily.

His balls were on fire with desire. But he clamped down with all his 
might, holding back the flood of cum that churned within his nuts.

He licked his lips excitedly as he watched his prick move in and out of 
her lovely, young face. Her cheeks bulged out as his thick cockmeat 
pushed inward. Then, as he pulled out of her mouth, her cheeks sank 
inward, waiting for his next mighty fuck-thrust.

The spongy knob of his prick nudged at the back of the girl's throat 
now. Her nostrils flared again as she sucked in her breath to avoid 
gagging. Harder and harder she sucked, gobbling up the fat prick-meat 
that invaded her mouth. She took her father's cock into her face deeper 
and deeper, her lips slipping closer and closer to the base of his 
prick.

She licked and sucked, igniting a raging fire that spread throughout 
his entire body. She sucked hard, drawing him as deeply as she could 
into her mouth. Then she let him slide down her throat. And still she 
sucked, thrilling to the lust-filled groans that were constantly 
flowing from the man's throat.

She felt the base of his cock-shaft swell and she knew that her daddy 
was about to come. Her own body trembled as she felt his prick jerk 
crazily inside her mouth. She sucked harder, pulling on him, milking 
him. She licked wildly, whipping his prick with her tongue.

And he came.

Hot scalding cum blasted into her mouth. His jism splashed over the 
roof of her mouth and coated her entire tongue and the inner walls of 
her cheeks. Gush after hot gush spurted from his twitching cum-slit.

"Commmiiinnngggg!" Mark cried.

Jesus! Janie thought to herself, that's gotta be the understatement of 
the year! Her mouth was flooded with the thick, sticky goo from her 
daddy's orgasm and she swallowed. Then she swallowed again and again, 
drinking down the cream of his come. Then she sucked his spurting prick 
some more.

"Ohhhhh, Jeesus!" Mark shouted.

His legs shook and quivered as if threatening to give way under him. 
His hands grasped his daughter's soft shoulders, clinging tightly to 
her to retain his balance. He groaned with relief as he emptied the 
last of his cum down her rapidly swallowing throat.

"God, Janie! I can't take anymore!" the man moaned, his entire body 
shaking with an almost painful kind of pleasure as the girl continued 
to suck his cock.

Finally, the teenager slid back, her father's glistening cock-shaft 
popping free of her mouth and jerking into the air. For long moments he 
just stood there, still gripping her shoulders, swaying weakly on his 
feet.

"You're a great little cock-sucker, baby," he said when, at last, he 
opened his eyes and smiled down at his horny little girl.

Janie grinned up at her father, feeling warmed by his praise. She knew 
that a man of his sexual experience had had a lot of women suck him off 
so if he thought she was good at it, she knew that she must be. She 
felt proud of being able to give her father so much lusty pleasure.

Still shaking, Mark lowered himself to the bed beside his daughter and 
they tongue-kissed each other over and over as they prepared to fuck.



Chapter 9


Late that same night, hours after Mark and Janie had started their 
torrid suck-and-fuck-session, May awoke, instantly aware that her 
husband was no longer in bed beside her.

She waited a few minutes, thinking that he must have gone to the 
bathroom. But when he hadn't returned to their room twenty minutes 
later, she rose from the bed to look for him. She wore only a very 
short, black negligee and the sheer fabric did little to cover the lush 
curves of her body. The hemline stopped at the top of her thighs, 
leaving the golden hairs of her cunt peeking out from beneath.

She walked down the hall, wondering if she would find her husband in 
the kitchen downstairs. But, outside Janie's and Kay's room, May 
paused, hearing sounds from within. She heard softly whispered words 
and what sounded like moans. She knew that Kay was spending the night 
with a friend and that Janie was supposed to be in bed alone in there. 
But obviously something was wrong.

Quietly, May turned the doorknob and gently pushed the door inward. 
Then she peeked into the room through the crack of the door and her 
eyes darted around. The room that was dimly lit by the lamp on Janie's 
bedside table.

May's heart pounded with excitement for there on the bed, naked and in 
each other's arms, were Janie and her father--May's husband!

Mark's mouth was covering one of the fleshy mounds of their daughter's 
tits. May couldn't move. Her eyes were glued with fascination to her 
husband and daughter. Now Janie lovingly stroked the erect column of 
Mark's cock with her soft fingers. Janie's fingers on Mark's cock! It 
was unbelievable to May, and yet also very, very exciting.

The woman's cunt was quickly filling with her aroused cunt-juices. She 
thought about the times when her son, Nick, had fucked her, and she 
realized that, for Mark, fucking Janie probably held the same kind of 
thrill. She hoped so. For, she loved her husband with all her heart and 
she wanted him to have the same kind of exciting happiness that she 
did.

Her face and tits flushed with desire. She wanted to watch her husband 
fuck their daughter. She wanted to watch as Mark plunged his massive 
cock in to the silk-fringed hole of the young girl's cunt. May's tits 
heaved heavily as she gazed lewdly at the two fuckers. Her tongue 
flicked out and licked over her dry lips. Her pussy ached with need.

As she continued to watch, Janie's legs moved apart, exposing the pink-
lipped slash of her cunt for her mother's eyes. Then, Mark's hand was 
there and his finger wriggled up into the open slot of the girl's 
pussy.

"Ohhhh, yesss, Daddy," Janie moaned and her hand closed tightly around 
his huge cock.

"You little bitch!" May heard her husband whisper. "You've got enough 
juice in your pussy to drown someone!"

"Yeah, and enough to take your huge cock, Daddy," Janie said softly, 
her hand jerking his cock in her tight fist. "I want your cock inside 
me, Daddy!"

Mark rolled on top of his sexy young daughter, letting her hand guide 
his huge prick to the moist lips of her cunt. "Now, I'm gonna fuck your 
tight little pussy until you beg me to stop!"

"You'll have a long wait, Daddy!" Janie cried, tears of excitement 
filling her eyes. "I'll never want you to stop! Fuck your huge cock 
into me, Daddy! Fuck it all the way to my mouth!"

He groaned and his hips jerked up and he plunged into her. In one hard 
down stroke, Mark rammed every inch of his huge prick into the tight 
channel of his daughter's tight young cunt. He drilled deep into her 
and his hairy balls slapped wetly against her upturned asscheeks.

"Yessss," she hissed. She writhed beneath him, her little pussy 
completely impaled by her father's cock. "God, I can't get enough of 
you! Fuck meeeee! Fuck me hard and deep, Daddy!"

May grinned in the semi-darkness as she continued to watch her husband 
fuck their daughter. She knew exactly how Janie felt. Mark really threw 
himself into fucking and the woman found herself feeling especially 
close to Janie as the young girl received the same wonderful cock that 
had fucked May so many times.

Mark's ass jerked up again, his ass tense. May could see the slick, 
shining length of his throbbing cock pull almost all the way out of the 
teenager's cunt. Then he slammed into her again, burying the long stalk 
of cock-meat back into the hot wet cunt-hole.

"Ohhhhh, God," Janie groaned under the heavy impact of her father's 
expert fucking.

As May watched the lurid scene playing out before her, her hand slowly 
began to creep down toward the damp slit of her own cunt as a hot 
sexual pressure built in her loins.

"Harder!" Janie urged her father on. "Fuck me harder, Daddy! Harder!"

Mark responded. He plowed in and out of her cunt with a vengeance now, 
thrusting his huge cock-rod in and out between the oozing lips of her 
cunt. His prick, throbbing and hard, shot into her pussy deeply.

"Yesssss, that's it, Daddy, that's it!" Janie cried, her hands clawing 
at the man's asscheeks.

She pulled at him, tugging him even deeper into her. She threw him into 
her pussy, loving the fat length of cock that so completely filled her. 
She moaned over and over as every inch of her daddy's marvelous cock 
packed its way into the stretched tightness of her wet pussy.

"Aaarghhhh!" Mark groaned as he felt Janie clamping the spongy folds of 
her cunt down around the pulsing stalk of his prick.

Mark had never looked so attractive to May as he did at that moment as 
he fucked their daughter. She wanted him, wanted him as she had never 
wanted a man before in her life. Even the finger that she was fucking 
wetly in and out of her pussy could not relieve the need that tore 
through her.

Janie's legs suddenly doubled and rose into the air so that her knees 
pointed toward the ceiling with her feet flat on the sheet beneath her 
naked body. Mark groaned as he plunged deeper into the wet pussy-hole 
that clenched his prick lewdly as he shot into her. His hunching hips 
jerked and twisted, grinding hard into her.

"Oh, that's good, Daddy!" Janie moaned. "I can feel you clear up to my 
belly! You're in me so fuckin' deep! I love it!"

Knowing that his daughter liked to be fucked hard and fast, Mark drove 
his cock into her aching pussy as hard and deep as he could. Up and 
down like a battering ram, he threw himself into her young body, 
straining the tight walls of her cunt with each plunging fuck-thrust.

"Deeper! Deeper!" Janie cried, thrashing beneath him. "God, Daddy! I 
can't get enough of you!"

Mark slid his hands beneath the cushions of her ass. Again, the angle 
of his fuck-entry changed and he slid deeper into the juicy, clenching 
pussy-hole. Janie groaned, her hips twisting around a little so that 
the folds of her pussy undulated around her father's prick.

Deeper, May thought to herself, her eyes wide and lust-glazed. Fuck 
Janie deeper, darling, she thought silently. She wanted to watch her 
husband fuck his thick prick all the way into their daughter so deeply 
that it would come out of Janie's mouth! She wanted him to plunge his 
swollen cockshaft into her own body at the same time.

The woman's body trembled with desire. Her mouth was dry. Her temples 
throbbed as she continued to watch her husband fucking their daughter 
so beautifully savagely.

Mark! she cried out in silence to him. Fuck me! Fuck me too! I need it 
so bad!

But Mark was too deeply engrossed in fucking his little girl's wet, 
tight cunt to have noticed his wife's pleas even if she had said them 
aloud. He grunted and groaned, sounding for all the world like a 
wounded animal as he crammed his aching cock home again and again into 
his daughter's pussy-hole.

Janie opened herself to her father, accepting every delicious-feeling 
inch of his offered prick. Her hands gripped his ass in lust-filled 
desperation as she tried to pull him even deeper into her pussy.

"Ohhhhh, yesss, Daddy," she whimpered time and time again as she 
continued to beg him to fuck her even deeper.

Mark suddenly slipped his hands from under her ass and wedged his palms 
between the girl's thighs and calves, pushing her legs upward toward 
her chest.

"Oh, God, Daddy!" Janie grunted in surprise. Then, she cried out in 
sheer pleasure as the massive spike of her father's cock shot up into 
as-yet-unreached areas of her aching cunt.

He was unbelievably deep inside her. The young girl could no longer 
speak. She could only moan and groan out her pleasure and fuck-lust. It 
was as if her father's prick had suddenly grown by two extra inches. 
The very tip of his prick nudged against the very back wall of her 
cunt.

Tinges of pain mingled with the swirling lust-filled pleasure that 
consumed her, a pain that only served to heighten her passion.

His hips thrust back and forth violently harder and harder, ramming the 
full length of his cock into her with deep, brutal strokes. She writhed 
beneath him, crying out with her need. And he fucked down into the 
clinging tunnel of her cunt, nailing her to the bed with his demanding 
prick.

The girl's ass twitched and wiggled around, helping her cunt to suck at 
the tremendous cockshaft that splayed the lips of her cunt. She was so 
close to coming that she could almost feel it. She ached, every cell in 
her body screaming for release.

Deeper and deeper the man's pistoning cock-shaft drove into her wide-
open pussy. And harder and harder she thrust her cunt up to him.

Suddenly, Janie came.

"Commmiiinnnggg!" she screamed as her legs circled her father's waist 
and squeezed him, holding him hard with her body as waves of mind-
blowing pleasure cascaded through her.

Her cunt-muscles clamped down hard around his cock, trapping him in her 
velvet-lined cunt. She held him immobile inside her. He tried to move 
but couldn't.

But then he realized that he really didn't want to move. The 
contracting folds of his daughter's pussy were all he needed. He just 
relaxed and let his cum spurt up through his cock and shoot into the 
girl's orgasming cunt.

"Take my cum, take it all, you bitch!" he groaned, twitching 
orgasmically. He shuddered with relief and pleasure as jet after jet of 
thick white cum blasted into the greedy, sucking hole of his little 
girl's cunt.

"Yesssss, Daddy," Janie hissed, still coming. "Give it all to me! God, 
I need it all! I can feel it! It's so hot and thick and creamy!"

Finally, their orgasms subsided and the two lovers clung together, 
still unaware of the eyes that watched them from outside the bedroom.

May was feverish with desire. Her entire body screamed out to be 
fucked. Slowly, she began to open the door, thinking that she would 
show herself to her husband and daughter and let them take care of her 
sexual needs.

But, just then, a hand touched May's shoulder. She jumped in shock, but 
managed to stifle the cry of surprise that worked its way up to her 
throat.

"Hi, Mama," Kay's soft husky voice said behind her.



Chapter 10


May turned around, her eyes wide with shock and excitement. Her 
daughter Kay stood there, a knowing smile on her young, lovely face.

"Hi, Mama," the teenager repeated.

May stood as if paralyzed, confused and excited by the strange, 
incestuous desires coursing through her horny body. She trembled a 
little, afraid of her own needs.

"Mmmmmm, you're so pretty and sexy, Mama," Kay whispered, her hand 
reaching out to the woman.

Suddenly, May became aware that her daughter was dressed only in a very 
short nightgown, very much like the one that May herself was wearing. 
At the same time, the older woman was aware of Kay's gaze as it moved 
over May's heaving tits.

The young girl's eyes moved down over her mother's body, lingering on 
the golden bush that peeked out from beneath the hem of the negligee. 
May found herself shivering beneath the intimate probing of her 
daughter's lust-glazed eyes.

"Come with me, Mama," the girl whispered.

Still dazed, and wondering what Kay was doing there when she was 
supposed to be at a friend's house for the night, May placed her hand 
in her daughter's outstretched one. She shivered again as Kay's soft, 
warm fingers closed around her hand. Her eyes met her daughter's again 
and Kay smiled reassuringly.

Without another word, the girl turned and May followed her down the 
hall and into the master bedroom that May usually shared with her 
husband. In an eerie sort of way, the older woman felt as if roles had 
been reversed and her daughter was acting as the older, more 
experienced woman, leading the more naive May toward the kind of 
incestuous pleasure that May knew she needed--badly.

Inside the room, Kay turned the light on and closed the door behind her 
and her mother. Then, with a light touch on her mother's shoulders, Kay 
eased May down to the bed so that she sat on the edge of it.

"They're great together, aren't they, Mom?" Kay asked with a knowing 
smile.

"What? Who?" May asked uncertainly.

"Janie and Daddy," Kay responded with a soft laugh. "They really know 
how to fuck!"

"I don't know what you're talking about, Kay," May answered, hoping 
that her daughter was only guessing at what her mother had been doing 
outside the girls' bedroom.

No such luck.

"Aw, come on, Mom," Kay said. "I saw you. Watching them fuck was really 
getting to you, wasn't it? It always gets to me! I don't know why you 
didn't just go in there and join them. That's what I would have done."

May just stared at the young girl, wondering if she had heard her 
correctly.

"Ohhhhh, poor Mommy," Kay continued. "You're trembling all over. It 
really did turn you on, didn't it?"

Kay's hands rose to her mother's shoulders again and her gentle fingers 
lightly massaged the taut muscles running along May's neck and 
shoulders. The older woman felt that strange, shivering excitement 
rushing through her body again. A little moan escaped from her lips.

"There, that's better, isn't it, Mommy?" Kay asked, her voice husky 
with desire. "There's just no need to get so uptight!"

Again, May had that eerie sensation of role reversal. It was as if her 
daughter were acting as the mother now, admonishing May for letting 
herself get so wound up.

Suddenly May found herself staring at Kay's big tits through the sheer 
nightie. She swallowed hard, realizing that she felt even more turned 
on than before.

Kay followed her mother's gaze and smiled, knowing exactly what her 
mother was thinking and feeling.

Lust quaked through May's trembling body as she recalled the torrid 
scene she had witnessed in the other room. Janie, such a beautiful, 
young girl, flat on her back beneath her father! And that long, thick 
prick of Mark's running in and out of his daughter's cunt! May moaned 
again, louder this time.

"Easy, Mommy," Kay said with a soft laugh.

The fingers of one of Kay's hands moved beneath her mother's chin. May 
felt her daughter fumbling with the bow which held her nightgown closed 
at the neck. She realized what the young girl was doing yet she found 
herself unable to react.

There was a slight tug and the bow came free. The top of the nightgown 
slid down over the trembling mounds of May's huge tits. She moaned 
softly, her nostrils flaring with desire.

Kay licked her lips hungrily as she gazed at her mother's big tits. 
May's tits were like those of a young girl, still very firm, jutting 
straight out from her chest. Kay's breathing was rapid and sharp now, 
excited by the thought of caressing her mother's beautiful tits and 
kissing them.

With trembling fingers, the teenager tore her mother's nightgown off 
and threw it to the floor.

"Mmmmmm, really sexy, Mom," the girl whispered huskily.

May moaned with forbidden desire as the girl's eyes studied the older 
woman's naked body. May admitted to herself that she wanted this girl, 
she wanted her daughter. She wanted to feel Kay's warm hands moving 
over her naked body. She wanted to fuck with her own little girl!

"Lie back, Mommy," Kay commanded. "Just lie back on the bed and relax."

May eagerly followed her daughter's orders. Scooting back onto the bed, 
she stretched out, no longer hesitant or embarrassed by her nakedness 
and her desire for her hot-blooded, young daughter.

Kay stood there at the side of the bed for a moment. Her breathing 
quickened as she studied her mother's naked body. There was a welling 
dampness inside the teenager's pussy. She had never made it with 
another girl, other than her sister, Janie. And this woman was her own 
mother! Her entire body tingled with arousal as she unconsciously 
licked her lips over and over again.

With a soft cry of excitement, Kay pulled her own nightgown off over 
her head, throwing it to the floor where it joined her mother's. May's 
eyes devoured the full curves of the girl's young body. She stared hard 
at the teenager's inner thighs and the golden fleece covering her 
pussy. She could see the crease of Kay's bloated cunt-lips and she 
moaned again.

Kay grinned as she settled onto the bed next to her mother, stretching 
out so that their naked bodies caressed each other. She leaned forward 
and her soft, wet lips covered her mother's. There was the moist, 
insistent flicking of her tongue and the older woman's mouth opened 
with a whimpering sound of surrender.

As their tongues locked into a torrid tongue-kiss, Kay's hands roamed 
over the bulging mounds of May's tits. Her soft, teasing fingertips 
rubbed the woman's stiffening nips.

"Ohhhhhh, yesss," May moaned into her daughter's mouth as Kay's fingers 
twisted and pinched May's nips.

May gave herself up to the urges of her lust, her own hands seeking and 
finding her daughter's swelling tits. She squeezed into the firm globes 
of tit-flesh, turning on more and more.

Kay eased her mouth from her mother's mouth and, before May even knew 
what was happening, the teenager's mouth was on May's tit, her lips 
surrounding the reddish nipple.

The young girl rolled on top of her mother. While her tongue played 
over her mother's tits, first one and then the other, May thrust her 
cunt up, rubbing the mounds of their pussies together.

Kay's own hips responded and, while she continued to suck and tongue 
her mother's tits, she hunched her cunt downward, meeting her mother's 
juicy pussy. Their bodies quaked and quivered as they fucked their 
cunts up against each other faster and harder with each thrust.

Kay took her mouth from her mother's tits, lightly kissing the soft 
valley flesh between the two gigantic tit-mounds. May moaned with lust 
as her daughter kissed her way down and over the woman's flat belly. 
Her tongue darted into the woman's belly button and teased there for a 
moment before moving downward once again.

May tossed and thrashed in a lust-filled frenzy as Kay's lips inched 
closer and closer to her mother's aching pussy. Kay's tongue-tip teased 
her, weaving through the golden patch of her pussy-fur. It drifted 
wetly downward, touching the trembling slit of May's cunt.

May humped her crotch upward, trying to trap her daughter's teasing 
tongue inside her. But, instead of spearing her tongue into her 
mother's hot, wet cunt, Kay deliberately traced her tongue over the 
woman's plump cunt-lips.

Kay stirred up so much passion that it threatened to consume the woman 
beneath her. Teasingly, she licked at the partly opened lips of May's 
cunt, thrilling to the sound of the moans that fell from her mother's 
mouth as May grew more and more aroused.

"Ohhhhh, Kay," May moaned.

She ached to feel her daughter's tongue embedded in her throbbing cunt. 
May whimpered over and over as she writhed on the bed. Every single 
inch of her naked body quivered with sexual need.

Finally, in a quick, skillful motion, Kay drove her hard tongue between 
her mother's puffy cuntlips. Her tongue tapped against the woman's 
twitching clit.

"Aaarrgghhhh!" May gasped in pleasure and surprise.

Using her tongue like a small, wet whip, Kay lashed at the woman's 
aching clit. She licked at her mother's clit back and forth. Again and 
again, Kay's tongue whipped mercilessly against the older woman's clit, 
torturing the trembling woman as she aroused her to a fever pitch.

Now the young girl kissed her mother's clit, sucking at it tenderly. 
May reached down and grasped her daughter's head, tugging at the wavy 
mass of blonde hair beneath her demanding fingers. She shoved at Kay's 
head, pushing her young face down between her splayed thighs, pushing 
her licking, probing tongue down along the juicy slit of her cunt.

This time Kay did not tongue-tease her mother. By now the teenager was 
aroused half out of her mind herself and she wanted exactly what her 
mother did. She wanted to tongue-fuck her mama's sweet-tasting pussy!

Her twisting, probing tongue plunged hungrily into the woman's 
quivering pussyhole.

"Yesssss, that's it, Kay, that's it! Tongue-fuck meeeee!" May groaned, 
beside herself with fuck-lust.

Kay stuck her long, hard tongue in and out of May's cunt-hole, stopping 
now and then to lap up the steaming flow of juices, which she found 
delicious.

May's feverish body writhed and trembled with abandoned delight with 
each forceful thrust of her daughter's tongue into her hot, wet pussy.

May's body opened up to the sensations that rushed through her. She 
gave herself entirely up to the desires that possessed her as she gave 
her cunt up to the young girl who was so expertly eating it.

Every thrust of her daughter's drilling tongue thrilled May. She felt 
the wetness of the girl's saliva washing over her trembling cunt-folds, 
mingling with the woman's excited juices that flowed thickly from her 
cunt-hole.

She loved the way her little girl was twisting and turning her cock-
like tongue inside her mother's dripping pussy-hole, turning the older 
woman on beyond belief.

"Aaarghhh, yesss, Kay, yesss, tongue-fuck meeee!" May groaned over and 
over as Kay's tongue rammed in and out of her throbbing cunt-hole. She 
whimpered and writhed lewdly on the bed, losing all control over her 
own lust-driven body.

Wet, smacking, cunt-eating sounds drifted up from between May's crotch 
... slurping, swallowing sounds made by the expert pussy eating her 
daughter was giving her.

There was something especially thrilling about having another girl 
eating her pussy out, May realized. And intensifying that thrill was 
the realization that it wasn't just any girl--it was her very own 
daughter whose mouth was sucking May's cunt-folds, whose tongue was 
fucking in and out of her trembling cunt-hole! May realized once again 
the lesson she had learned when she and her son had fucked each other--
any exciting sexual act is all the more thrilling when it's incestuous!

Kay thrust her tongue harder and deeper into the quivering hole of her 
mother's pussy. Faster and faster she whipped it around in the thick 
flow of the woman's cunt-juices. She swallowed every drop of the 
delicious-tasting juice, relishing the knowledge that it was her own 
mother's pussy she was eating.

The teenager's own crotch felt as if it were on fire as she continued 
to tongue-fuck her mother, who was writhing and thrashing wantonly on 
the bed. They were both close to orgasm now. With each plunging drive 
of Kay's tongue, both of the females moved that much closer to the 
climax that they both needed so badly.

Groans and whimpering moans constantly mewled from both of the females' 
throats.

"Oh, God, yeses!" May cried as her crotch humped up.

She was shoving her cunt harder against her daughter's face, 
surrounding the girl's mouth with the mouth of her cunt. She hunched 
and bucked urgently, fucking herself on the tongue that was running so 
lewdly in and out of her pussy.

"Ahhhh, Kay, I'm gonna come soon!" May shrieked.

Kay groaned in response and increased the tempo of her tongue-thrusts. 
In and out she pumped the entire length of her hard, wet tongue, 
sinking it time and again deep into the woman's trembling cunt-flesh.

In a wild frenzy, desperate to make them both come, Kay licked and 
sucked her mother's pussy. She ate her. She sucked her. She licked her. 
She fucked into her.

Suddenly, May heard a slight sound and she opened her eyes to see her 
son, Nick, standing there in the doorway of the bedroom. He was naked, 
a wide grin on his handsome face, and his hard cock was jutting 
straight from his crotch.



Chapter 11


Excitement swirled through May's lust-fogged brain. How long had Nick 
been standing there? How long had he been watching his mother and 
sister while Kay ate out their mother's cunt?

Oh God, the horny woman thought feverishly, look at his huge hard-on! 
His gorgeous cock! She shivered with desire and she saw her son's grin 
widen as he realized just how much the sight of his huge cock-rod was 
turning his mother on.

The boy's eyes locked on his mother's and he slowly stepped across the 
room to the side of the bed. His huge hard-on bobbed and twitched in 
front of him as he moved toward his mother.

His swollen cock-head was strained and blood-red with need, drops of 
pre-cum oozing from the slitted piss-hole. Still grinning, the boy 
moved his eyes over his mother's naked body. He longed to climb on top 
of her and cram his throbbing prick into the furred pussy between her 
widely spread thighs. He couldn't wait until his hands were squeezing 
roughly into the melon-like balls of her huge tits.

But his sexy sister was crouched between their mother's willing legs, 
in full possession of the moist gash of their mother's cunt. And, he 
was enjoying the sight of the two girls making it together. It was 
watching his sister eat their mother's cunt that had made the young 
boy's cock so hard.

Kay saw her brother and her eyes rolled up toward him, flashing with 
delight, welcoming him. As both his sister and mother watched him, Nick 
reached out and grasped the fat stalk of his prick. He slowly ran a 
tight fist up and down its rigid length.

Kay's nostrils flared with excitement and May's tits heaved with 
desire. There was no doubt in the boy's mind that both his sister and 
mother wanted to feel his big cock in their pussies as much as he 
wanted to fuck them.

May's eyes widened as her son climbed onto the bed beside her. He 
stretched out beside her and she moaned as his hot flesh brushed 
against hers. For a few moments, he just lay there, his eyes searching 
her beautiful face.

He turned a bit. And, hard and hot, his cock pressed firmly against his 
mother's thighs. It throbbed stiffly against her, its bulging head 
jerking against her. She trembled. Delicious, hot, incestuous thrills 
raced through her body and she realized that she was filled with even 
more lust now than when her daughter had been sucking her pussy.

Suddenly, Nick passionately kissed his mother. Without hesitation, May 
opened her mouth, gladly accepting her son's tongue. Her hands released 
Kay's head and she caressed the boy's naked body.

Her palms roved over the rippling muscles of his back. Her fingers dug 
into the tensed cheeks of his ass. And then her hands moved to the 
demanding hardness of his cock.

Nick groaned low and deep, his lips easing from her mouth. Gently, the 
woman's fingertips played up and down the throbbing lance of her son's 
prick. He felt so good to her, so hard, so bursting with need-- for 
her.

Teasingly, Nick's mother ran her fingertips down along the ridged 
underside of his prick. Lightly, her cool fingers cupped the dangling 
sac of his balls. As she tenderly touched them, the swollen rocks 
churned around within their rumpled sac. She held him there for a few 
minutes, as if weighing the boy's youthful balls.

And once again, May's fingers moved back to that stiff rod of lust. 
Nick groaned again as her hand closed around his cock, squeezing it 
tightly and demandingly. Her fist jacked up and down, delighting in the 
pleasure-filled groans that fell from her son's lips.

Suddenly, one of the boy's hands closed around his mother's wrist, 
stopping the pumping action of her palm.

"Your mouth, Mom," he whispered huskily. "I want you to take my cock in 
your mouth! "

Before she could respond, Nick took her fingers from his prick and 
moved up so that his huge prick bobbed only an inch from the woman's 
nose. Her nostrils flared as she breathed in a deep breath, savoring 
the musky aroma of a horny man.

She rolled to her side and once more captured the pulsing length of her 
son's cock in her hand. It throbbed and jerked with a lust-filled need 
that filled her with a sense of urgency. Nick gazed down at her, a 
pleased smile on his lips.

Knowing that her son was watching her every move, May turned back to 
the hunk of cock-meat pulsing in her hand. She bent forward, her lips 
pursed, and she kissed the engorged head of her boy's prick.

"Ohhhh, yeah, Mom, yeah!" Nick groaned, unable to restrain the hot 
pleasure that coursed through his body.

His mother's lips were soft and warm. His balls churned with the desire 
to fuck the face that was hovering over his cock.

May inched back a little. Her lips glistened with the wetness of Nick's 
pre-cum. As the boy watched her, the pink tip of her tongue flicked out 
from her mouth and ran over the contours of her full, sensuous lips. 
Nick groaned again as he watched his mother swallowing his pre-cum.

When his mother's tongue returned to his cock, it was in a long, wide 
swipe. His body trembled as the woman's soft, wet tongue washed over 
his pulsing cock-head. Fire burned in his groin, the fire of his fuck-
lust.

May's tongue circled the large head of her boy's prick. She licked him 
again and again, turning them both on more and more. Then her tongue 
moved downward. She flattened her tongue against the thick down in 
broad strokes.

A trail of glistening saliva was left on his prick. Now she moved her 
tongue upward, lapping toward the engorged tip of his cock. With one 
quick flick at his crown, she licked down again.

This time, her tongue did not stop at the base of his pulsing shaft. 
Instead, she probed at his churning balls. She licked them first. Then, 
she opened her mouth and sucked them gently into her hot, wet mouth. 
She sucked a little harder, fanning the flame of lust that swirled 
within her boy's loins.

Releasing his balls a few seconds later, she nibbled up his fat cock-
stalk until her teeth bit lightly at the fleshy knob of his prick.

"Ohhhhh, Mom, that feels soooo good!" Nick moaned, fully aroused as the 
exciting sensations of incestuous pleasure and pain washed through him.

"Suck it, Mom! Suck my cock!" Nick cried a few minutes later, unable to 
contain his lust any longer. He had to feel his mother's mouth sucking 
him off! He just had to!

May's mouth opened wide, forming a lewd circle. Her head moved forward, 
her nostrils wide with excitement. Her slick lips moved over the thick 
shaft of her son's swollen cock. She took the head of his prick into 
her mouth and began to suck.

Lust and pleasure pounded through the boy's body as his mother's lips 
tightened around his cock and she sucked even harder. The sight of his 
mother sucking him off filled Nick with a hot erotic excitement that 
was intoxicating. He glanced down and saw that his sister, Kay was 
watching her mother's thrilling mouth-action while she busily finger-
fucked herself.

May moaned around the thick prick inside her mouth. Her son's prick was 
jerking and twitching inside her, banging hard against the roof of her 
mouth, and the lewd sensation filled her with even more desire.

Now, with a soft groan, Kay came and, as her orgasm subsided, she 
turned her attention once more to her mother's cunt. She rammed her 
tongue up the woman's pussy-hole, fucking it in and out while May 
continued to suck Nick off.

"Ummmmffff," May groaned.

Her mouth was completely stuffed with hot, throbbing cock-meat. The 
dual excitement of sucking her own son off while her daughter ate her 
cunt was almost more than she could stand.

With a wild abandon, she suddenly began to jerk her head off and on the 
straining length of her boy's prick. She sucked him and licked him, 
trying now to coax the thick cream of his cum into her mouth and down 
her throat.

Between her mother's legs, Kay ate and sucked on the woman's pussy. Her 
tongue raced in and out of her mother's trembling cunt-hole. The young 
girl realized that it would only be moments before Nick's excitement 
got the best of him and he would come. She wanted to make her mother 
come at the same time and so she doubled the intensity of her tongue-
fucking efforts.

Kay was right. Nick was unable to control the rising flood of cum that 
boiled in his balls. Despite his efforts to tighten his loins, he could 
no longer retain the blasting force of his cum-load.

The boy's hot, thick jism shot upward in tremendous gushes while May 
continued to suck his cock. Shuddering and shaking with the forbidden, 
exciting sensation that raced through his body, Nick came.

May groaned, the sound muffled by the cock that was twitching and 
spasming inside her mouth. She felt her son's scalding cum burning the 
walls of her mouth and the lewd sensation turned her on beyond belief.

She hungrily swallowed down every drop of the boy's jizz. She sucked 
and sucked, swallowed and swallowed, draining him of every last drop 
that shot from his trembling balls.

And, suddenly, the combination of eating her son's cum and her daughter 
eating her pussy was just too much for May and she came powerfully.

"Commmmmiiinnnggg!" May shouted loudly.

As she came her son withdrew his softening prick from her mouth and she 
gave herself entirely up to the pleasure that her daughter's mouth was 
giving her spasming cunt.

The woman thrashed and writhed on the bed as tremor after orgasmic 
tremor ripped through her. She groaned and whimpered as her pussy-
muscles clamped down hard around Kay's fucking tongue.

"Wow! Beautiful, Mom, really beautiful!" Nick said approvingly as he 
stroked his cock, which was already beginning to harden once again at 
the obscene sight of his sister eating out their mother and making her 
come.



Chapter 12


It was the next afternoon. And Kay Wagner was nakedly bent over a 
kitchen chair while her father, also very naked, prepared to fuck her 
in the ass.

"Gotta get my cock nice and wet," Mark said, easing behind his young 
daughter so that his cock-head throbbed against the lips of her 
quivering pussy. "We need to make my prick nice and slick so it'll 
slide right up your ass."

His hips jerked forward, slamming every inch of his huge cock into the 
girl's cunt. She groaned as he wrenched back and forth inside her. 
Then, moments later, he withdrew his prick from her pussy.

Glancing down at the juice-smeared length of his shaft, the man 
grinned. He was slick now, slick enough to fuck the horny girl up her 
tight little ass.

With both hands, he eagerly spread the twin globes of her ass wide 
apart. The taut little asshole seemed to stand up in tense anticipation 
of what was about to happen.

"Relax, baby," he muttered, his hands gliding over the girl's trembling 
ass-cheeks. "Just relax."

Mark moved forward. The engorged head of his massive prick nuzzled 
lewdly against the little asshole. Kay moaned softly, trembling with 
desire, but she forced herself to remain still. She felt her father 
pressing into her ass a little and she moaned again.

The valley of her ass-cheeks deepened as he moved forward a little 
more. The muscles of her asshole slowly gave way under the pressure of 
his pulsing cock-head. And then her father's cock shot into her 
asshole, filling the teenager with raw, unbridled excitement and 
pleasure.

"Ahhhhhhh, yessss," she hissed, her body trembling. "Oh, my God, Daddy! 
That feels soooo hot!"

She clamped her ass-muscles down tightly, trapping the man's prick 
within her vise-like asshole. She gripped and held firmly every thick 
inch of his throbbing prick.

His daughter's ass held Mark's cock so tightly that he couldn't move. 
But, for the moment at least, that didn't matter because he felt more 
than content to just stand there locked in the squeezing pleasure of 
Kay's ass. He groaned with pleasure as her ass-walls clenched his prick 
like a tight fist.

"Ohhhhh, Daddy, your cock is so big! And so hard! God, it hurts but 
feels good too!" Kay moaned aloud.

"Are you sure the pain isn't too much for you, baby?" he asked huskily 
while his hands gently stroked her quivering ass-cheeks. "Because I'll 
pull out of you if you want me to."

"No!" Kay almost screamed at her father. "No, don't pull out, Daddy, 
whatever you do! It hurts but I like the way it hurts! It feels really 
good. And I want you to stay just where you are!"

Mark grinned and he moved his hands over his daughter's ass-cheeks 
again, fondling her lewdly. He felt her quivering and trembling at his 
touch. He stood there with her tight little asshole contracting around 
him. She squeezed and relaxed, squeezed and relaxed her strong ass-
muscles.

"Mmmmm, sooo good! Okay, Daddy, I'll ease up on your cock now ... fuck 
me, Daddy! Fuck my ass!" Kay cried.

The man needed no further coaxing. Moving back, he pulled his embedded 
prick from the fiery hole of the girl's ass. Inch after inch of massive 
cock slid up from her bowels and exciting waves of pleasure shot 
through her as she moaned over and over again.

Then, with just the tip of his cock still inside her, he moved forward 
with all his strength, plunging the full length of his prick deep into 
her ass once again.

"Aaaarghhh! You're in me sooo deep! That's it, Daddy, just like that! I 
love it! Fuck me hard, Daddy! Fuck me until I can't take it anymore!" 
Kay hollered, losing all control over her own body and feelings.

Again Mark pulled his cock almost all the way out before ramming it 
back into his daughter's trembling, twitching asshole.

"Ohhhhh!" she groaned with pleasure.

A hot, lewd, burning sensation shot over the girl's body and into her 
asshole as her father drilled into her opened ass. He penetrated her 
over and over, diving deep into her welcoming asshole with every thick 
inch of his fat cock. He pushed into her deeper and deeper, his entry 
made easier by the mixture of his pre-cum and her pussy-juices that 
coated his prick.

"Ahhhhhh, I feel so full," Kay moaned. She felt stuffed with cock-meat, 
filled to the brim with her daddy's wonderful, throbbing prick.

The bulbous head of his cock jerked and twitched with hot, incestuous 
arousal. She moaned again, feeling his cock throbbing against the walls 
of her ass. The obscene sensations just served to turn on the young 
girl all the more.

Mark thrust his hard cock in and out of his daughter's asshole in a 
slow, pumping motion. She wriggled her ass backwards, matching him 
fuck-stroke for fuck-stroke.

Each time he pumped into her, she gripped his huge prick with her 
strong ass-muscles. But she no longer clutched him as hard as she had 
at the beginning. Now the young girl wanted her father to be able to 
move so he could fuck into her nice and fast.

Mark slid his hands around his little girl's body and, while still ass-
fucking her, he gripped both of her huge tits, pinching the stiffening 
nips that throbbed lewdly against the palms of his hands.

"Ohhhhh, that feels so good, Daddy," Kay whimpered as her tits hardened 
and throbbed with desire.

Mark rocked to and fro, his cock plowing into the very depths of the 
girl's ass. Slowly, he increased the rhythm of his deep, probing 
strokes. Kay's body picked up her father's tempo and she swayed back 
and forth faster as he shafted into her asshole.

As the man's swollen cock shot into his daughter's asshole, she pushed 
back hard, ramming her trembling ass-cheeks against his hairy crotch. 
Together, they fucked, burying his cock to the hilt inside her ass.

"Ohhhh, Daddy, I could fuck like this all day--and all night," she 
crooned with a trembling voice.

"Me too, baby, me too," the man responded.

Sweat was pouring off both of the lovers now and as the sweat trickled 
into Kay's asscrack, it mingled with the pre-cum and pussy-juice there, 
increasing the wet, smacking sound of their ass-fucking.

Mark's balls were churning with his load of cum and he knew that it 
would be only seconds before he had to come. He only hoped that he 
would be able to make Kay come at the same time. He knew that would be 
an extra exciting fuck-thrill if he could do it.

His hips moved in a blur, fucking his big, swollen cock in and out of 
his daughter's clenching asshole.

As he fucked her, he continued to fondle and squeeze her big tits. At 
the same time, his teeth, tongue and lips went to work on her neck and 
shoulders as he bent over her.

"Ohhhh, yesssss," Kay cried, responding immediately. Her ass jerked 
back and forth harder than ever.

Mark moved one hand from her tits and stroked it downward to her cunt. 
His finger probed into her pussy-hole while his thumb rolled and rubbed 
the extended button of the girl's clit.

"Ohhhhh, God, Daddy, you're making me sooo hot, I can hardly stand it!" 
Kay whined.

She bucked and humped back into him, willingly impaling herself on his 
swollen lust-filled cock. She groaned like a wounded animal as she 
continued to fuck herself on her daddy's prick.

His cock plowed into the little tight asshole again and again. His 
balls ached and he willed himself to hold back the load of cum that was 
all but boiling over.

He drove into her harder and deeper with each fast fuck-stroke. The 
girl bucked and writhed against him, her moans mingling with her 
father's as they filled the kitchen with their sounds of passion.

"Commmmiiinnnggg!" Kay cried finally, her entire body shuddering with 
pleasure and excitement.

His daughter's obscene orgasmic cry took Mark over the edge and he came 
too. A flood of cum burned into the girl's asshole and she cried out 
again as tears of incestuous pleasure streamed down her face.

Gush after gush of hot, thick jism shot into Kay's asshole until her 
little ass could hold no more and the sticky goo dribbled out, running 
down her legs and splashing onto the tile floor of the kitchen.

"Well, well, so breakfast is served, I see," Janie's voice came from 
the doorway.

"Oh, my God!" Kay cried.

She looked up to see her naked sister walking toward her and her 
father. Janie was licking her lips hungrily and her eyes were fixed on 
Mark's spilled cum. Kay's cunt spasmed with yet another climax as the 
teenager realized that the torrid family fuck-session was just 
beginning.


The End




Sister Sucks Best by Bob Wallace


Chapter 1


"I'll get it for you," Judy purred, staring hotly from wide blue eyes 
at the customer.

She winked at the leering man and climbed the ladder, knowing that as 
soon as she reached the top, he would be looking up her skirt. It made 
her hot virgin pussy tingle.

Paul Holmes stood at the bottom of the ladder, his eyes darting up the 
slim legs of the sexy blonde teenager. A hot jolt caromed through his 
gut as he saw the crotch of her panties and the swell of her tight ass.

Judy spread her legs and reached for the small fan. She was quivering. 
She could feel his eyes burning into her crotch and it made her pussy 
seep. She waited, giving him a good long look at her panty-clad ass and 
crotch before descending the ladder.

"Here you are, Mr. Holmes," she cooed, handing him the small fan. "You 
can pay Tommy at the counter." Her pink tongue flicked across her lips.

Paul leered at her plump tits under her tight summer top and his prick 
thickened in his pants. "Thanks, Judy," he said, his voice husky. He 
gave her a lewd grin. "Maybe I should have two fans."

Judy giggled, catching a glimpse of the bulge in his pants. "You only 
need one," she said as she brushed by him in the narrow aisle, making 
sure her tits rubbed against his arm. "I hope you come back real soon."

"I will," Paul said, watching her ass swing seductively as she walked 
away.

Judy heaved a deep sigh. She leaned against the wall, her body 
quivering with desire. "Ooooooo, God," she whispered as she squeezed 
her thighs together. "I'm so fuckin' hot!"

She heard the store door close and her brother's footsteps. Quickly, 
she pulled off her panties and dropped them on a shelf. With her heart 
racing, she hurried back to the ladder and climbed to the top, her legs 
spread and her silky blonde cunt fully displayed.

Tommy came down the aisle and saw her. "I know what the fuck you were 
doin'," he said, stopping at the ladder.

"What, Tommy?" she giggled.

"The same thing you always do. You're nothin' but a fuckin' little 
prick-teaser. That guy's hand was shaking when he paid me for the fan."

Judy laughed. "I can't help it if they look up my skirt," she cooed.

"If dad catches you he'll beat your damn ass."

"Daddy won't be back till this afternoon," she said. "I only do it when 
he's not around."

Tommy glanced up, his eyes popping. "Holy shit, Judy. You don't have 
any panties on!" He stared up her legs and ogled her bare pussy, his 
cock growing quickly into a hard-on.

"I know," she said. "You like what you see?"

Tommy groaned and his mouth watered. "Did that guy see you like this?"

"No, silly. I did it just for you." Balancing herself, she lifted her 
skirt around her waist, baring her heart-shaped ass. "Maybe I should 
have done this for him. I'll bet he would've cum in his pants."

"You're a damn prick-teasing little bitch," Tommy grumbled, his hand 
rubbing the bulge in his crotch.

Judy dropped her skirt and climbed down the ladder. "Did you like 
looking at my pussy?" she sighed breathlessly.

"Cut the shit, Judy," Tommy groaned, his eyes riveted to her nipples 
outlined under her tight-fitting top. "I'm tired of your teasing."

"Maybe I'm not teasing anymore," she said, her desire to be touched and 
fondled overwhelming her. "Maybe I want you, Tommy."

"Sure," he mumbled, his prick aching for his kid sister. "I'll touch 
you and you'll run away like you always do." He turned to leave. "I 
don't need your shit."

Judy grabbed his arm, stopping him. "Why don't you try, Tommy? You 
might get lucky."

Tommy spun around, his palms sweaty as he drooled over her plump tits 
hiding beneath her top. "Why not?" he said, expecting her to laugh and 
run down the aisle. He brought his hands to her tits and spanned the 
plump globes. She didn't move and he groaned.

"Ooooooo, Tommy," Judy moaned. "Ummmm." She quivered with joy as his 
fingers squeezed her plump, sensitive tits through her top. "Mmmmm, it 
feels good."

Tommy's breath caught in his chest. "Jeez, Sis," he groaned. He kneaded 
her tits, his cock throbbing in his pants.

"I'm not a prick-teaser anymore," she sighed. His pawing hands were 
driving her crazy.

"Take off your clothes," Tommy rasped. "Lemme see you naked."

Judy giggled. "I will if you lock up the store. I don't want anybody 
walking in and seeing me."

"Yeah," Tommy rasped. Reluctantly, he pulled his hands away. "Don't 
move. I'll be right back." He spun around and hurried to the front of 
the store to lock up.

Shivering with pleasure, Judy pulled off her top, her creamy tits free, 
the pink nipples swollen and aching for her brother's mouth. She tore 
off her skirt, leaving it on the floor as she hurried through the 
aisle, her tits bouncing and the firm cheeks of her ass jiggling. She 
jumped up on the counter and spread her legs just as her brother 
returned.

"Well?" she giggled as goose-bumps dotted her creamy flesh. "How do I 
look?"

"Jesus Christ!" Tommy groaned as he leered at his naked sister. "I'll 
bet that Mr. Holmes would sure like to see you now."

He walked toward his sister, his eyes darting from the glistening gash 
of her virgin pussy to the round pink nipples that capped her pert, 
pulpy tits.

"I don't give a shit about Mr. Holmes," Judy panted. "But, I sure would 
like Daddy to see me like this." She spread her legs wide. "I'd give 
him my pussy and fuck him just like Mommy does." She worked her body 
lewdly, as if a cock were stuffed up inside her pussy.

Tommy's head was reeling. He came to the counter where his sister was 
sprawled out on her back. "Dad would kick the shit out of you." He 
brought his hands to her plump tits and began squeezing the pliant 
meat. "Unnnn, God."

"I don't care," Judy moaned as she writhed on her back. "As long as he 
fucked me." She reached for the bulge in her brother's pants and gave 
it a squeeze. "God, you're hard as a rock."

"Unnnn," Tommy moaned as her fingers dug into his crotch. "Christ!"

He mauled her tits with one hand, his other hand kneading her thigh 
flesh as he brought it to the hot sizzling vee of her outstretched 
legs.

"Touch my pussy, Tommy," Judy whimpered, her hips rolling lazily. 
"Oooo, feel how wet and juicy I am."

Tommy smoothed his hand over her thighs and dipped it between her legs, 
his fingers gliding up through the wet, slippery slit of her virgin 
pussy.

"Damn, Judy. You're soaked."

"I know," she gasped, humping her hips. "I'm always soaked." She began 
to pant as Tommy stroked his finger back and forth through the wet, 
frothy gash of her virgin pussy. "Oooo, Tommy ... you're driving me 
crazy."

Tommy jabbed his finger into her cunt and hit her cherry. "Jeez, Judy. 
You gonna let me fuck you?"

Judy was out of her mind. "Not now," she gasped, her hand still mauling 
his cock through his jeans.

Tommy shot his sister a dirty look. "You're still a prick-teaser," he 
groaned, yanking his hand away from her pussy. "Maybe I should punch 
your fuckin' face in!"

"Oooo, Tommy," she moaned. "Don't get mad." She writhed on her back. 
"Play with my pussy again." She squirmed her hips. "It makes me cream."

Tommy was drawn back to his sister's naked body like a magnet. "You 
little bitch," he groaned, pawing her tits and caressing her hot, 
virgin pussy.

"I'll take good care of you," she panted as he drove her wild with his 
hands. "I promise." She licked her lips and moaned as his fingers 
brushed over her pulsing clit.

"How?" he grunted, his fingers soaked with pussy-cream. He stared at 
her, drooling, his cock throbbing as she mauled him through his jeans.

"Ummmm, you'll see," she hummed. "Oooo, I wish you were daddy."

"I'm not," he grunted, his hips jerking as she squeezed his cock. "You 
keep doin' that and I'll cum in my pants." He grit his teeth. "Is that 
how you're gonna take care of me?"

With her hips rolling, Judy moaned. "Ooo, Tommy. I'm gonna suck you 
off."

Tommy's mouth dropped open. He didn't believe her. She had been teasing 
and lying to him for months. "You're full of shit," he said.

Judy squirmed. "You stop playing with me and I'll prove it."

Tommy pulled his fingers from her seeping pussy and stepped back. "I'm 
waitin'."

Judy sat up, her tits bouncing, her blue eyes glowing with lust. She 
grabbed his hand and licked his fingers clean. "Mmmmm, my juice sure 
tastes good."

"You're supposed to be suckin' my cock, not my fingers," Tommy 
grumbled, still not believing her.

Judy jumped off the counter and dropped to her knees. She rubbed his 
bulging crotch. "I'll bet your cock is nice and big," she sighed, her 
fingers trembling as she pulled down his zipper.

"Big enough for you," Tommy moaned as her fingers groped in his jeans. 
"Unnnn."

Judy's fingers wrapped around her brother's stiff prick and she hauled 
it out of his pants. "Oooo, it's beautiful, Tommy," she gasped, leering 
at the bloated head of his cock. "Delicious-lookin' too."

"Suck it, Sis," he moaned. "Christ!" He jerked his hips, his cock 
gliding through her gripping fingers. "Suck it."

Judy's mouth was watering as she ogled her brother's cock. "Lemme get 
your damn pants off," she moaned, struggling with his belt.

She shoved his pants and shorts down around his ankles and heaved a 
ragged sigh as she gazed at his long throbbing prick and cum-filled 
balls.

"Ooooo, Tommy. It looks better this way." He stepped out of his pants 
and shorts, kicking them away.

"It would look and feel a lot better stuffed up your pussy," he groaned 
as she fondled his nuts and caressed his aching cock. "Lemme fuck you, 
Judy. Christ!"

"Later, Tommy," she said, glancing up at him. "First, I wanna suck you 
off." She squeezed his meaty cock-shaft and a drop of cum seeped from 
his pisser.

"Unnnn," Tommy groaned deep in his throat as Judy's tongue flashed 
across the head of his cock and swiped up the gooey drop of cum. "Put 
it in your mouth."

"When I'm ready," Judy gasped. She licked her lips. "Your cum tastes 
better than my pussy-juice." She cradled his balls and lapped her 
tongue up and down the length of his prick-shaft. "Ummmm, it's so hard. 
So nice and hard."

"Jesus Christ, Judy," Tommy growled. His hips jerked, his cock jabbing 
at her face as she soaked his cock-shaft with her warm spit.

Judy was in heaven. "This is so much better than just teasing," she 
purred.

She licked her tongue over his balls, enjoying the rough texture of his 
nut-sac. Her tongue slithered up his prick-shaft, her lips clinging to 
his throbbing meat.

"You're still a prick-teaser." He jabbed at her face, his cock swollen 
with blood and aching painfully. "Suck it, Judy. Christ!"

Judy wasn't about to rush. She had been wanting his cock for months, 
but she had always been too chicken until now. With his cock in her 
hand she intended to enjoy every second of his hard, throbbing cock-
meat before she sucked out his balls. She used her teeth, nibbling up 
and down his shaft as his cock throbbed against her wet sucking lips.

"I'm gonna blast my fuckin' load if you keep messing around," he 
grumbled. He jabbed, his legs stiff, his hands holding the edge of the 
counter.

Judy gazed up at her horny brother. "Do you think Daddy would like me 
to do this to his cock?"

She caressed his hard-on with the tips of her fingers. Watching his 
prick twitch excited her and made the insides of her virgin pussy 
pulse.

"Anybody would," Tommy moaned. "But you'll never get to Dad's cock."

"Who knows?" she giggled. She parted her lips and slipped the head of 
her brother's cock into her mouth.

"Oooo, Sis," he groaned, the heat of her mouth rumbling the cum in his 
balls. "Unnnn, suck it! Unnnn!" He jerked, his cock stabbing at her 
face.

Judy held his balls in one hand and wrapped her other hand around the 
base of his swollen cock. With the bloated head trapped between her 
clinging lips, she sucked. Her tongue swirled around his cockhead and 
over his pisser. The tangy taste of jizz seeping from his tiny slit was 
making her cream. She moaned deep in her throat as she inched the head 
of his prick along her tongue to the back of her mouth.

"Suck," Tommy growled. "Jesus, Sis. Suck!"

He reached down and grabbed her hair, his face twisted with lust. He 
slammed her face hard, spearing her throat, his cock buried, her gullet 
stretched.

Judy gagged, her eyes bulging and her face turning red. She twisted her 
head and sank her teeth into his hard cock-meat, choking as he released 
her hair. She pulled back, gasping for air.

"Dammit, Tommy," she choked, his cock pointing at her mouth. "You 
trying to choke me to death?" Spit dribbled from her lips as she caught 
her breath.

Tommy grinned down at his naked sister. "What the fuck, Sis. You got me 
crazy."

"I'll suck your cock but my way. You gotta remember, this is my first 
time."

"Not your last," he said. "Now put my prick back in your mouth and suck 
me off."

"Yes, Tommy," she cooed, grabbing his cock-shaft again.

She gulped the head of his cock into her mouth and sucked. Stroking his 
long shaft and massaging his balls, she eased the head of his prick 
toward the back of her mouth. It hit the entrance to her throat and she 
relaxed, wanting to feel his prick deep in her gullet.

"Unnn, yeah," Tommy groaned. He grabbed the counter, his hips jerking. 
"Take it all, Judy. Unnnn."

Slowly, Judy pushed the head of her brother's prick into her throat. 
She forced herself not to gag as the bloated head of his cock stretched 
her throat. Relaxing her throat muscles, she took almost his whole 
prick, her heart racing as his cock throbbed wildly in her gullet.

"All of it, Judy," he groaned. He jabbed hard, but her hand wrapped 
around the base of his cock kept him from plunging his prick in to the 
root. "All of it!"

Judy pulled her hand away from his cock and grabbed his hips. Gulping, 
she took him to his balls, his prick buried deep in her throat. With 
her lips mashed into his groin, she fought the urge to gag and gnawed 
on the base of his prick-shaft. His cock-hair tickled her nose and his 
prick, throbbing and swelling, stretched her throat to the limit.

"Yeahhh," he moaned. "Unnn, suck it! Chew it!" He jabbed, his ass 
hitting the edge of the counter. "Unnn, suck it, Judy."

She felt his nuts against her chin and the head of his prick in her 
gullet. She gurgled, her nails scratching at his hips and thighs.

She was overjoyed. His entire prick was buried in her throat and she 
wondered if her mother could do the same thing. She eased back, her 
lips clinging to his cock-shaft, her teeth scraping along the hard, 
throbbing meat. She slammed forward, piercing her throat with his 
prick, his deep growl of pleasure making her happy.

Tommy was out of his skull. He slammed at her face, his balls slapping 
at her chin each time he drilled his prick into her throat.

"Yeah, Judy," he roared. "Ahhh, yeah!"

He humped, skewering her throat, her gnawing teeth and lashing tongue 
making his cock ache and his balls sore.

Judy absorbed his jabbing punches, wallowing in the hard tasty meat of 
his cock. She chewed on his cock-shaft, her cheeks drawing in tight as 
she tried sucking the cum up from his swinging balls. She swiped her 
tongue over the sensitive underside of his prick-shaft and sucked hard 
as he drew back and then chewed softly as he slammed forward.

There was an urgency in his lunging fuck-stabs and she knew that at any 
second he would start spraying her mouth with his cum. It blew her 
mind.

Tommy, his hips lunging, his cock throbbing, curled his fingers through 
his sister's thick blonde hair. "Gonna cum, Judy. Jesus Christ, I'm 
gonna cum in your mouth."

Judy gurgled on his stabbing cock. Her head was reeling and the insides 
of her virgin pussy was on fire. She sucked hard, her tongue a wet whip 
lashing across his cock as he pounded her mouth with his cock. She 
chewed, her eyes wide as she watched his tight groin mash into her nose 
and lips.

"Unnn, Judy," Tommy roared as his balls swelled to the point of 
explosion. "Suck! Suck me, Judy!"

Judy slammed her face forward, his groin smashing into her lips, his 
balls whacking against her chin. Spit drooled from her mouth as she 
began to shake waiting for the first gooey wad to fill her eager 
throat.

"I'm cuming," Tommy bellowed. "Oooo, Christ ... I'm cuming!" He slammed 
hard, his balls bursting as a thick stream of white thick jizz blasted 
from his pisser.

Judy gagged as her brother's cum sprayed the back of her throat. She 
sucked, the taste of his tangy jizz making her dizzy. Another squirting 
glob of cum gushed from the tip of his prick and she gulped it down, 
her mouth flying up and down his cock-shaft as she sucked and chewed on 
his exploding prick.

"Yeahhh!" he roared, punishing her face with hard, swift fuck-jabs. 
"Suck it! Suck it!" His legs stiffened as his hips lunged forward. 
"Unnnn, Judy, your mouth. Christ, suck out my balls!"

Judy's mouth filled with cum. She gulped at his stabbing prick, his 
lust and throbbing cock making her crazy. She clawed his hips and 
jammed her mouth forward, his cock piercing her throat as another 
stream of stringy white cum splashed into her throat.

Tommy, his chest heaving, stared down at his naked sister as he pounded 
her mouth with his squirting cock. He lunged hard, spearing her throat, 
his hips pumping, his cock flooding her cheeks with cum.

"Unnn, Sis!"

Judy's head was spinning, her cheeks filled with cum. It gushed into 
her throat and oozed from her lips. She swallowed the cum as fast as 
she could, gulping at his stabbing prick as he plowed her gullet with 
hard plunging jabs. She used her teeth and tongue, urging more cum up 
from his erupting balls as he groaned and twisted in her mouth.

"Judy! Aghhhh!" His legs weakened, his balls still churning out wad 
after wad of thick, white cum. "Unnnnn, don't stop!" He slammed hard, 
piercing her throat as a glob of cum spurted from his pisser.

Judy was overwhelmed. She gagged on the flowing cum, trying to swallow 
every drop. It gushed from her mouth and drenched his balls. She sensed 
it was almost over and she didn't want it to stop. She smashed her face 
into his humping groin, her mouth flying wildly up and down his shaft. 
She sucked maniacally on his prick, chewing it frantically, trying to 
keep it hard and stiff.

Tommy's hands dropped to his side and he grunted. His balls were just 
about drained. He grunted as his sister refused to give up his cock.

"No more, Judy," he panted as he twisted his hips, his prick trapped 
between her teeth as she continued to suck on his cock.

Judy pounded her face into his groin, his cock shrinking in her mouth. 
She sucked, drawing the last of his cum up from his now empty nuts. It 
oozed out over her tongue.

"Mmmmm," she moaned, her mouth flipping off his cock. "Mmmm." She 
savored the last wad, letting it slowly ooze down her throat.

"Oooo, Tommy. I love suckin' your cock."

Tommy stared down at her. "Christ. I never creamed like that in my 
life."

Judy licked her lips clean and stared at his limp prick. "You like it 
better than jerkin' off, huh?"

"Shit, yeah!" he groaned. "You're great."

Judy began to tremble. Sucking her brother off had made her crazy hot 
and very anxious to cum. "Now me, Tommy. You take care of me and I'll 
give you my cherry."

It was an offer Tommy couldn't refuse.



Chapter 2


Quivering with lust, Judy stood up. Her legs were shaking and her 
nipples were sore. "Oooo, Tommy," she whimpered. "Let me get on the 
counter."

Even though Tommy had just creamed his load, the sight of his naked 
sister sprawling herself out on the counter blew his mind.

"Jeez, Judy! Looking at you is getting me hot all over again."

His eyes swept up her legs to the flare of her slim hips and the silky 
blonde hair of her virgin pussy.

"Damn, you're gorgeous!"

Judy shivered with pleasure under the horny gaze of her brother. "Don't 
just look, Tommy," she sighed. "Touch me. Have fun with my body." She 
squirmed, the cheeks of her ass rubbing into the smooth formica of the 
countertop.

Tommy brought his hands to the plump meat of his sister's creamy tits. 
He squeezed and she whimpered with joy.

"They're so soft," he moaned, kneading her pliant tittie meat. "So damn 
fuckin' soft."

"Ummmm, Tommy. I'm creamin'!" She writhed on her back, her blue eyes 
glazed with desire. "Ooooo, it feels so good. So good!"

Tommy squeezed her tits, his eyes watching as his fingers sank into the 
soft, creamy flesh. He leaned over and brought his hungry mouth to one 
pink swollen nipple.

"Oooo, Sis. I've wanted to suck your tits for so long."

"Ummm, Tommy." Her hips rolled as the heat of his mouth made her nipple 
ache. "Suck 'em, Tommy. Suck 'em and bite 'em." She curled her arm 
around his neck and crushed his mouth to her tit. "Ooooo, Tommy!"

Tommy gobbled greedily on the plump meat of his sister's tits. His 
hands roamed her sizzling flesh, exploring and caressing her silky 
skin. He chewed on the swollen nipples, his teeth nipping at the hard 
bullet tips. He sucked, working his mouth over the creamy flesh of each 
pulpy globe, slurping and licking until he had covered both tits with 
spit.

"They're delicious."

"Ummmm, so's my pussy," she sighed as his fingers teased along her 
inner thighs. She pushed at his head, anxious for him to bring his 
mouth to her hot, virgin pussy. "Lick my pussy and I'll cum all over 
the fuckin' counter."

Tommy wasn't through feasting on his sister's tits. "I'll get to your 
cunt, Judy," he groaned.

Having waited this long to sample his sexy virgin sister, he had no 
intention of rushing. He brought his mouth back to her tits and this 
time his mouth became urgent and demanding. He used his teeth, biting 
into the soft meat of her creamy tittie flesh. He sucked, leaving 
blotchy red marks in his wake as he moved his hungry mouth from one tit 
to the other.

"Ummmm, Tommy ... you're great." She writhed frantically on her back, 
his biting and sucking mouth driving her wild. "Ooooo, harder, Tommy. 
Bite! Bite!"

The thrill of his mouth had the insides of her cunt bubbling, the 
muscles pulsing, and sticky juices oozing out over the puffy folds of 
her pussy.

"Ooooo, yeah, Tommy. Ummmm, harder!"

Tommy's hand traveled to his sister's sopping wet pussy as he devoured 
her tits. Hot pussy-cream greeted his fingers as he slid them up 
through her steamy cunt-gash. Slurping on her tits, he gouged his 
finger through the entrance of his sister's pussy and over her pulsing 
clit.

"My pussy, Tommy," she begged, shoving his hot, sucking mouth away from 
her tits. "Eat my pussy or I'll go out of my fuckin' mind!" She humped 
her ass on the counter, her cheeks jiggling, her cunt jamming at her 
brother's fingers.

Without lifting his head, Tommy blazed a path down his sister's frantic 
body. He chewed on her stomach and wiggling hips, the sweet scent of 
her virgin cunt making his head spin. He licked her thighs and pulled 
on her legs, bringing her seeping cunt over to the edge of the counter.

"Now, I'll chew you up, Sis," he groaned, leering at her glistening 
pink pussy. "Then I'm gonna fuck the living shit out of you."

Judy draped her legs over the edge of the counter and spread them wide, 
exposing the meaty flesh of her hot scalding cunt. She propped herself 
up on her elbows, her face flushed, her eyes on her brother.

"You like lookin' at my cunt?"

"Yeah," he groaned huskily, drinking in her gorgeous pussy with his 
glazed eyes. His mouth watered and his prick began to throb. "By the 
time you cream, I'll be stiff and ready for your cherry."

"Oooo, Tommy. It sounds so good." She wiggled her hips, her pussy 
oozing, the cream seeping down her crack to the formica counter. "Eat 
me, Tommy. Suck out my pussy."

Tommy nibbled his way along the sticky flesh of her inner thighs, his 
mouth getting closer and closer to the steamy gash of her pussy. The 
aroma filled his head and stiffened his prick. With his hands rubbing 
and kneading her wiggling hips, he brought his mouth to her pussy.

"Ahhhhh!" Judy humped up, the contact sending hot spasms through her 
cunt-hole. "Oooo, suck, Tommy! Suck!"

Tommy sucked the velvety folds of his sister's cunt into his mouth as 
her warm pussy-cream washed over his face. He moaned, the taste 
exquisite. He sucked deep then darted his tongue into her steamy cunt-
gash.

"Ooooo!" Judy went wild. "Ummm, Christ! Tongue me! Tongue my pussy!" 
Her tits jiggled, the pink swollen nipples aching. "Ooooo, chew me up."

Tommy's hands skimmed under his sister's jerking ass. He spanned the 
soft firm flesh, his fingers digging into the pliant meat as he dined 
ravenously on her sweet-tasting cunt. He sucked and tongued her pussy, 
the tip of his darting tongue whacking into the thin skin of her 
cherry. Cunt-cream flowed into his mouth and over his face as he worked 
his tongue through her pussy-gash and over her clit.

"Chew me," Judy begged, her ass wriggling wildly on the counter. "Chew 
me! Oooo, Tommy."

She stared down between her legs, her wide blue eyes watching her hips 
jerk as she ground her cunt into her brother's face.

"Oooo, I love it, Tommy. Ummmm, suck me out!"

Tommy kneaded her humping ass. His tongue flashed over her stiff 
pulsing clit, driving his virgin sister crazy. He slapped her clit with 
his tongue then sucked it into his mouth. His prick was throbbing, his 
balls aching as he gurgled on her pussy-juice as it flowed into his 
mouth and throat.

Judy rolled her hips, bathing her brother's face in cunt-cream as she 
bucked against his gobbling mouth. "Ummmm, Tommy. I'm gonna cream. 
Jesus, I'm gonna cum on your mouth!" Humping, her tits bouncing, she 
mashed her clit into his teeth.

Tommy had trapped her clit between his teeth. He beat the pulsing piece 
of sensitive flesh with his tongue and sucked hard on it, his hands 
constantly mauling the meat of her humping ass. The taste of her pussy 
had his head reeling. Her wild screams and thrashing body had his balls 
aching. He sank his teeth into her clit and was rewarded with a gush of 
pussy-juice that washed over his face and down his chin.

"Oooo, Tommy," Judy squealed as she worked her hips in frantic circles. 
"Oooo, I'm getting close. So damn fuckin' close!" She bucked grinding 
her clit between his teeth. "Ahhhh, make me cum! Make me cum!"

With his face drenched with pussy-juice, Tommy destroyed his screaming 
sister's clit with his teeth. He gnawed on the raw piece of flesh then 
sucked it, his head twisting, his tongue lashing across the tip. He dug 
his fingers into the jiggling cheeks of her ass and groaned, the sounds 
muffled by the wet sweet meat of her ready to explode pussy.

"Tommy!" Judy screeched as she ground her cunt into his face. "Oooo, 
Tommy! I'm there!" he jerked on the counter, her tits flopping. "Ahhhh! 
Bite! Suck!"

With Tommy obliging her every wish, Judy contorted her face with lust. 
Spittle drooled from her panting mouth. Her hips humped up and down, 
her ass hammering into his kneading fingers on the top of the counter. 
Her arms ached, her elbows sore, but she kept herself propped up, 
wanting to see herself cum.

"I'm ready." She bucked. "I'm ready!"

Tommy didn't need an announcement. Her frenzied jerks and wild screams 
told him she was going to cum and it blew his mind. He attacked her 
clit with a vengeance, chewing and sucking the pulsing sex button 
maniacally as Judy reached her peak and shrieked.

"I'm cuming," she wailed, her head falling back. "Ooooo, I'm cuming, 
Tommy. I'm creamin!"

She went insane on the counter, her body convulsing wildly as hot 
orgasms tore through her virgin cunt.

"Eat me! Bite me! Suck me!"

Tommy gave her everything she wanted. He chewed hard and sucked even 
harder. He slashed his tongue over her pulsing clit, beating it 
viciously as she creamed all over his face.

Judy thrashed on the counter, her ass humping, her cunt mashing into 
her brother's face. Cum gushed from her pulsing pussy, washing over his 
face and into his mouth.

"Ummmm, keep suckin' me, Tommy! I'm creamin' so much!" Her head snapped 
back, her eyes rolling as she stared up at the ceiling of the store. 
"Ooooo. Here I cum again!"

Her legs stiffened then dropped over her brother's shoulders. She 
clamped his head tight between her thighs and banged her cunt into his 
face.

"Ooooo, this is ... fantastic!" Her head jerked up and she stared down 
at the top of his head, her mouth open, spittle drooling from her lips. 
"Jesus, Tommy. I can't stop cuming!"

Milky-white pussy-cum flowed from her contracting cunt. It saturated 
Tommy's face and flowed down the crack of her jiggling ass, forming a 
sticky puddle on the slick formica.

"Ooooo, chew me up! Chew me up!" she cried.

Tommy was overwhelmed by the intensity of his kid sister's passion. He 
pulled her jerking ass forward and mashed his face against her cunt. 
Her warm thighs had his head trapped and he jerked his head back and 
forth, her clit stretching and pulsing. He sucked on her clit as she 
thrashed above him, her screams growing louder and filling the empty 
store.

Judy went into spasms. Contorting on the counter, her tits bouncing, 
she creamed again. She humped up, twisting her hips, her clit almost 
tearing away from her body.

"Ahhhhh!" she screamed.

The next instant she shuddered, her legs turning to rubber. She 
released her brother's head. "Stop, Tommy! Stop!" She shook. Her 
brother wasn't listening. "Aghhhh!"

Tommy twisted his head and beat her clit one last time. Gasping, his 
face drenched in pussy-cum, he pulled his face out from between her 
thighs. A wide grin spread over his cum-stained mouth.

"You creamed your fuckin' brains out."

"I know," she panted as she struggled to sit up. "It was the best cum 
of my life." She looked at his face, "Did you like eatin' my pussy?"

"Yeah," he groaned, "but I'm gonna like fuckin' you even more."

Judy giggled. "So am I," she sighed, her pussy squashing as she 
squirmed her ass into the counter. "So am I."



Chapter 3


Judy stated down at her brother's cock. "Mmmm, it's hard again." She 
jumped off the counter and grabbed it, stroking the thick, throbbing 
cock-shaft. "Oooo, God, Tommy," she gasped, rubbing her naked body into 
him, his hard cock pressed against her belly. "Mmmm, lemme lick my 
pussy-juice off your face."

Tommy's arms circled his sister's slim body. He cupped the cheeks of 
her ass as she licked his face and rubbed her stomach against his 
aching cock.

"Christ, you're a horny little bitch! All this time I thought you were 
just a damn little prick-teaser."

"I've always been a horny prick-teaser," she giggled, pulling off his 
shirt and rubbing her tits into his bare chest. "Only now I wanna suck 
and fuck instead of just tease." She gave him her mouth and fed on his 
tongue as he plunged it into her throat.

"Damn," Tommy groaned. "You can't fuck all the men who come in here, 
Sis. Christ."

"I don't want them," she moaned, pulling his shirt off. "I only want 
your cock--and Daddy's." She reached down and jerked his cock. "Mmmmm, 
I'll bet you'd like Mommy to suck you like I did."

Tommy thought of his mother and moaned. "Yeah, but shit ... you're 
dreamin'."

Judy pressed against him, her tits mashed into his chest, her face 
tilted up to his. "Wouldn't you like to suck on Mommy's tits and fuck 
her pussy?"

Tommy groaned, his sister's hot breath caressing his face as her 
nipples burned into his chest. "Sure, but I'm satisfied with you."

"I'm never gonna be satisfied until I have Daddy's cock stuffed up my 
pussy." She melted to the floor and licked the head of her brother's 
cock.

"You're crazy," he groaned, the heat of her mouth churning the cum 
crammed in his balls.

"I don't care," she purred. "Maybe I'll get lucky." She sprawled out on 
the floor, her legs spread, her virgin cunt wet and ready for her 
brother's cock. "Fuck me, Tommy. Fuck the shit out of me."

"Boy, Sis, you don't know how long I've wanted to hear you say that."

He dropped to the floor between his sister's legs. His cock jutted out 
from his groin, the blood-swollen tip aimed at her juicy cunt. He 
grabbed the thick base and dragged it up through her glistening cunt-
slit. Hot buttery pussy-cream flowed over his cockhead.

"Unnn," he groaned, pushing his prick-head between the puffy folds of 
her pussy. "I'm gonna give it to you nice and hard."

"Yessss," she hissed, the head of his cock pressing against her cherry. 
"Just go easy for a minute until I get used to it." She began to shake, 
her pussy pulsing for his prick. "Do it. Do it!"

Balancing himself on stiff arms, Tommy lunged his hips. His cock ripped 
through her cherry and as she shuddered, he jammed again, burying his 
cock to his balls.

"Unnnn, you're so fuckin' tight!" he panted.

"Oooo, Christ," Judy gasped as her brother's cock filled her tight 
cunt-hole. "Ooooo! You're stretching me!" Pain spread for a moment as 
she trembled. "Unnnnn, ease it out, Tommy." She gulped, her pussy 
feeling as if someone had just stabbed it with a red-hot poker.

Tommy groaned and pulled back until only the head of his prick was 
still buried inside his teenaged sister's pussy. He ogled her tits and 
face, his prick throbbing, his balls aching.

"You ready?" he asked.

Panting, her hands gripping his arms, she nodded. "Yessss. Only do it 
slow, nice and slow." She began to quiver as she waited for him to 
stuff her pussy with his cock.

Leering into her flushed face, Tommy inched his prick back into the 
scalding heat of her cunt. He groaned as the hot spongy muscles of her 
cunt clamped around his prick-shaft. He groaned again, his groin flush 
with hers, his prick balls deep.

"Feel better?"

"Oooo, yes," she sighed, twitching on her back. "A lot better."

She rotated her hips and moaned as the juices in her pussy washed over 
her brother's buried prick, greasing it for speed.

Tommy felt the hot syrupy juices of her cunt and the heat swelled his 
buried cock. "You're creamin' again," he moaned, easing back then 
pushing forward. "Creamin' all over my cock."

"Oooo, Tommy." She lifted her ass, meeting his long, slow steady pumps. 
"Ooooo, it's driving me crazy." She wriggled her hips, his prick 
throbbing deep in her cunt-hole. "Oooooo, it's heaven."

Tommy's balls ached. The slow pace was driving him nuts. "Christ, 
Judy," he grunted. He eased back then slammed hard, his cock jabbing 
into her pussy. "Unnnn, damn!"

The hard, demanding thrusts made Judy's eyes pop. "Do it again! Do it 
again!"

A wide horny smile spread over his face. He pulled his cock out and 
waited, watching her tremble beneath him. "Whatta you want, Sis? Tell 
me." He jabbed an inch of his cock into her pussy-hole and then jerked 
back. "Tell me."

"Oooo, Tommy. I want you to ram it in hard like you just did!" She 
began to shake, her cunt contracting, trying to suck his cock back into 
her spongy cunt-hole. "Do it! Please!"

Tommy waited, paying her back for all the times she had tormented him. 
"When I'm ready," he groaned.

"You fuckin' bastard!" she gasped. She lifted her ass off the floor, 
trying to gobble his cock into her cunt. "Do it, you bastard. Do it!"

Tommy plowed his cock into her pussy, mashing her wriggling ass back 
into the floor. He twisted his hips as she squealed with delight, his 
cock-head gouging at the cushiony walls of her overheated cunt. He 
pulled back quickly, slamming his prick into her pussy again.

"Ooooo, Tommy. It's wonderful!" She went into spasms, thrashing under 
him, his cock buried to the hilt. "It's so deep. So fuckin' deep!" She 
humped up and twisted, her clit grinding into his hard groin. "Again! 
Again!"

Tommy lunged hard, pounding her with long powerful jabs, from the tip 
of his cock to his balls. Each thrusting stab mashed his writhing 
sister into the floor as the muscles of her pussy pulsed against his 
cock-shaft and drenched it in warm sudsy pussy-cream.

"Jesus, Judy," he groaned, easing back again. "You're fantastic!"

"Unnnn, Tommy." She looked up into his face, her blue eyes bright with 
lust. "Fuck me hard and fast now."

She began to quiver, her pussy on fire, needing the hard stabbing jabs 
of her brother's cock to put out the flames. She lunged up, swiveled 
her hips, her cunt greedily milking his buried cock.

"Fuck the shit out of me!"

Tommy's balls were aching. He jerked back, watching her face fill with 
shock. Gritting his teeth, he was using all of his will power to keep 
from emptying his nuts in his sister's pussy.

"You want it, you fuck it!" he said as he eased his prick halfway into 
her bubbling cunt and grinned.

"Oooo, you're torturing me, you bastard," she hissed as she thrashed on 
the floor. She arched her back, her hips jerking. "Ummmm. But I love 
it!"

Tommy kept his lean body stiff as his sister fucked herself blind on 
his cock. He watched her face twist with passion, saw her tits jiggle, 
and felt the sizzling heat of her pussy as she rammed her cunt onto his 
prick at a frenzied pace.

"You're gonna cream, if you keep this up," he said, his voice strained, 
his jaw tight.

"I know," she squealed, wriggling under him, her ass thumping on the 
floor, her pussy gobbling on his cock. "I'm gonna cream my fuckin' 
brains out." She lunged up and twisted her hips, her clit grinding into 
his hard groin. "Ooooo, Christ!"

Tommy couldn't take it any longer. He slammed his prick into her pussy 
and smashed her back to the floor. He pounded her, his stroking fuck-
jabs short and powerful.

"This is what you want," he grunted, slamming into her body at blinding 
speed.

Yessss," she howled, absorbing his deep penetrating fuck-stabs. "Ooooo, 
you're in so deep. I can feel your cock throbbing!" She went crazy, her 
body contorting beneath him as she raced wildly toward an explosive 
orgasm.

Tommy pounded her, his cock slicing through her hot, sizzling pussy. 
"Unnn, Judy ... my fuckin' nuts are gonna bust." He slammed her hard 
and grunted as his cock pierced the scalding depths of her clinging 
pussy.

"Faster, Tommy," she begged, thrashing under him, her ass lifting to 
meet each powerful stab of his prick. "Faster and harder. I gotta cum. 
Gotta cum!"

Tommy wanted exactly the same thing. He pierced her pussy with hard, 
drilling fuck-stabs, his hips a blur as he pounded her squirming body 
back into the floor.

"Cream, Judy," he roared. "Cream my fuckin' cock!"

Judy was gurgling on her own spit. She humped up, slamming her clit 
into his groin as he hammered his prick into her cunt. She clawed his 
shoulders, her tits flopping, her hips gyrating frantically as she 
raced madly toward an orgasm.

"Oooo, I'm there, Tommy. Gonna cum! Gonna cum all over your cock!"

"Yeah," he shouted. "Cream!" He picked up speed, lashing his prick in 
and out of her pussy. "Cum, Judy. Cum!"

Judy went into spasms as her pussy exploded. "I'm cuming, Tommy! I'm 
cuming!" She bucked beneath him like a wildcat, orgasms ripping through 
her pussy like hot bolts of lightning. "Ooooo, I'm cum ... ing, Tommy! 
Ahhhh!"

Tommy groaned, the heat of her climaxing pussy intensifying. Hot 
bubbling pussy-cum bathed his stabbing cock, squashing out over his 
ready-to-explode nuts every time he plunged into her cunt-hole. "Unnnn, 
Judy. I'm gonna cum! Aghhhh!"

Thrashing and bucking beneath her brother, her legs stiffened then 
curled around his jabbing hips, digging into the tight muscles of his 
back.

"Cum, Tommy. Cream me! Cream my pussy!"

The cum in Tommy's nuts erupted. Hot thick jizz gushed from his pisser, 
splashing deep into his sister's hot, sizzling pussy. "I'm cuming," he 
howled. "I'm cuming!"

The hot cum squirting up into her pussy triggered another orgasm deep 
in Judy's pussy. "I feel it. It's making cum again!" She lunged up, her 
hips jerking, her tits flopping. She clung to him, pounding her clit 
into his driving groin. "Ooooo, I'm cuming ... cuming!"

Tommy pounded his sister, his cock cutting through her gooey cum-filled 
pussy. The sizzling heat rumbled the cum in his balls and they erupted 
again, spewing out a river of jizz that overflowed and gushed out over 
his swinging balls.

"Judy," he bellowed. "Jesus Christ!"

Judy was out of her skull. Everything was spinning. She worked her hips 
in tight frenzied circles, her clit mashing into his groin, the action 
keeping her creaming. She clawed his heaving chest and banged her heels 
into his back.

"Fuck me! Fuck me! Harder! Ooooo, Christ! Don't ever stop, Tommy!"

Tommy knew he wouldn't stop until he collapsed. He drilled his 
squirting prick into her pussy, crushing her writhing body into the 
floor each time she lunged up to meet his powerful thrusts. Hot cum 
poured from his pisser as his balls continued to churn out the thick, 
gooey wads. His face tightened, his hips working like a jackhammer as 
he sliced in and out of her climaxing pussy-hole.

Judy arched her back, her spine almost snapping as she wrenched her 
shoulders at the same time. With her ass off the floor, she rolled her 
hips, her clit grinding into his frame.

"Oooooo! Tommy!" she moaned, her head snapping from side to side as he 
pounded her twisting body back into the floor.

Tommy's arms shook. His climaxing cock was draining him of his 
strength. He groaned as his arms gave out and he crashed down, crushing 
his squealing sister beneath him. His hips never stopped, his cock 
still piercing her pussy maniacally.

"Unnn, Judy!"

Judy gasped, the wind knocked out of her. Her body acted on its own, 
thrashing and churning as she climaxed over and over again on his 
stabbing cock. She circled his back with her arms, holding him tight as 
she fused her body to his and shuddered in bliss as the last of her 
orgasms washed over her and left her weak as a kitten.

Tommy lunged hard, the last of his cum squirting into her cunt. He 
grunted as he ground to a halt. He lay there, his prick spent, his 
balls empty, her pussy still twitching against his shrinking cock.

"Whewwww!"

Judy moaned. With her passion gone, being pressed into the floor was 
uncomfortable as hell. "Get off me, Tommy," she moaned.

"God."

Tommy rolled off, his prick popping from the gooey tightness of her 
pussy. "You're some fuck, Sis!" he said as he stood up. He leaned 
against the counter, his prick hanging, droplets of cum oozing down his 
limp cock-meat.

Judy sat up. "You ever been fucked better?"

"Hell no," he laughed.

Judy giggled. "You won't be the best once I get Daddy between my legs."

"Stop dreamin' Judy," he said. "You got as much chance of fuckin' Dad 
as I got of getting into Mom's pussy."

Judy stroked his limp, sticky cock. "Maybe we can come up with an idea 
to make both our dreams come true."

She licked his prick and balls, savoring blend of her own cum mixed 
with the tangy taste of his.

"When we gonna fuck again?"

"Maybe tonight," he said. "Right now, I think we should get dressed and 
open the store before Mom and Dad come back."

Judy tossed him his clothes. "Maybe I'll wait on the customers naked," 
she giggled as she stood up. "We'd make a fortune."

Tommy slapped her across the ass. "Get your ass dressed."

Judy scampered through the store and found her clothes. Her body was 
tingling. It had been a fantastic morning and she knew as long as she 
wanted, she would have Tommy to take care of all her needs. But then 
she frowned. All of her needs but one--she still wanted her father's 
cock.



Chapter 4


Judy stood at the top of the ladder and looked down at the aisle, 
hoping to spot her brother. It had been two days since Tommy had broken 
her cherry and she was going out of her mind. She spotted him at last 
and shivered as she waved.

Tommy saw her and glanced around, looking for his father. He heard him 
at the cash register, then hurried down the aisle to his sister.

"Whatta you want?" he whispered.

"Look up my skirt, Tommy," she whimpered. "I don't have any panties on 
and my pussy is drippin'."

"Christ, Judy. Dad's in the store." His mouth dried up and he glanced 
up at Judy as she spread her legs.

"He's up front waiting on a customer," she sighed. "Please, Tommy. I've 
been so hot since you fucked me. I don't think I can wait any longer. 
Look at my pussy."

Tommy groaned and stood under the ladder, his eyes feasting on the 
seeping slit of his sister's cunt. "Christ ... I'll sneak in your room 
tonight."

Judy was quivering. "You said that yesterday and I waited up half the 
night for you. I wound up playing with myself." She shuddered, her 
hands gripping the ladder, her legs wide apart. "God, I wish you could 
suck me off while I'm standing up here."

"I'll be there tonight." He rubbed his crotch, the ache growing worse 
as he ogled his sister's bare cunt and ass cheeks. "I promise."

"Let's go in the back room," she whispered. "I'll give you a fast blow-
job."

"No," Tommy groaned, although he was tempted. "Dad'll catch us and kick 
our asses."

"I don't give a shit anymore," she moaned, pressing her body against 
the ladder. "If you don't fuck me soon I'll attack you right, in front 
of Daddy. Maybe that'll give him an idea." She giggled, squeezed her 
thighs together and moaned. "Ummmm."

Darin Lawes, their father, had finished waiting on the customer and was 
now standing at the end of the aisle watching his children. He couldn't 
hear what the youngsters were saying, but he had an idea. His face 
filled with rage when he saw Tommy looking up Judy's skirt.

"Little bitch!" he muttered. "Teasing the boy like that." He stormed 
down the aisle. "What's goin' on here?"

"Nothin', Dad," Tommy mumbled, quickly moving away from the ladder.

A lump clogged Judy's throat. She tried a smile, but it didn't work.

"Hi, Daddy," she said weakly. "I was just asking Tommy to help me fix 
the boxes on these shelves."

"Go up front, Tommy, and take care of the store."

Tommy nodded. "Yeah, Dad," he said, hurrying away.

"Get your ass down off that ladder!" he snapped, his gut tied in knots.

"Yes, Daddy," Judy quaked as she came down the ladder.

Darin grabbed her arm, noticing the jiggle of her tits beneath her top. 
"Little slut," he snarled, pulling her to the back of the store toward 
the door leading to the stockroom.

"Whatta you gonna do, Daddy?" she asked.

He shoved her inside and closed the door. "I saw you teasing Tommy," he 
said, glaring at her.

"I wasn't doin' anything," she said, her body trembling. "Honest."

"You're a liar. You were letting him look up your skirt. I saw it! 
You're always flaunting yourself in front of him. You don't even wear a 
bra."

Judy was scared. She blinked back the tears that welled up in her eyes. 
"None of my girlfriends wear bras, Daddy," she said defensively.

Darin was filled with rage. "You're turning into a little slut."

"No I'm not, Daddy. I'm a good girl." She saw the way he was looking at 
her tits and even though she was scared out of her wits a sexual 
excitement began to fill her.

"You're a slut!" He grabbed her, dragging her over to a crate. "I'm 
gonna beat your Goddamn ass."

"No, Daddy," she sobbed as he roughly pulled her over his lap. "Don't 
hit me. Please!"

She struggled on his lap, her young body tensing as she waited for the 
first hard whack of his hand.

Darin brought his hand down with a crash, walloping it across his 
daughter's ass. "Maybe this'll teach you to stop acting like a little 
tramp." He whacked her ass again as she cried and struggled on his lap.

"Owwww! Owwww!" she wailed as he lashed his big hand over her ass. 
"Stop, Daddy! It hurts! Stop!"

Darin paid no intention to his daughter's pleas. Beating her ass, he 
let his eyes flow over her twisting body and the smooth skin of her 
thrashing legs as her skirt began to ride up. He paused for a moment to 
catch his breath. Her struggling was having an effect on him and his 
insides began to churn.

"No more, Daddy," she gasped. "Please." She tried rolling off his lap, 
afraid he was going to beat her again.

Darin grabbed for her, his fingers latching into her top. It ripped as 
she rolled off. "You little bitch! I'm not through with you yet."

Judy fell to the floor. With her top ripped, one of her plump, creamy 
tits became exposed, the nipple swollen and pink. She gasped glancing 
down at her exposed tit and then up at her father.

"I'll be good," she sobbed. "Don't whip me again." She was breathing 
hard, her bare tit rising and falling with each jagged breath.

Darin couldn't tear his eyes away from her tit. A lump clogged his 
throat as he grabbed her arm, yanking her back up on his lap.

"I'm gonna teach you a lesson!"

He pulled up her skirt, expecting to see a panty-clad ass. Instead, his 
eyes popped as he gazed at the pink cheeks of her naked ass.

"You fuckin' little tramp," he roared. "You don't even wear panties."

Judy shook uncontrollably. She bit her bottom lip, her hips jerking as 
she tried to get off his lap. "I forgot to put them on," she lied. 
"Don't hit me again."

Darin leered at her ass. It was pink from his beating, the cheeks 
jiggling. He smacked his hand down on the bare flesh, the cracking 
sound echoing in the storeroom. He did it again and again, turning her 
pink flesh to a hot glowing red.

"Owwwwww!" Judy screamed as she thrashed in his lap. Her ass burned as 
she struggled. She twisted her hips, her body grinding into him. "No! 
Stop! Stop!"

"You little whore," he rasped. He pushed her legs apart. "I'll bet 
you're not even a virgin." To prove his point, he jammed his finger 
into her pussy.

"Aaaaah," Judy gasped as hot tingling spasms raced through her cunt. 
"Aaaah!"

She squirmed on her father's finger, the juices inside her cunt flowing 
as the spongy muscles clamped tightly around his finger.

Darin was stunned. His groin churned and his prick thickened. He 
couldn't move. His eyes were glued to his daughter's red ass and the 
pulsing muscles of her pussy beating around his finger had his balls 
aching.

"You're not a virgin," he rasped. "You're a whore!"

Inexperienced though she was, Judy sensed a change in her father's mood 
and she began to quiver. She squirmed lewdly on his lap, milking his 
finger with her pussy.

"Oooo, Daddy. I couldn't help myself."

Anger and lust raged through Darin's body. He yanked his finger from 
her pussy and shoved her off his lap.

"Slut!" he spat.

Judy rolled to the floor, her skirt around her waist, her pussy, wet 
and pink, openly displayed. She looked up at her father from hot glazed 
eyes and saw the change coming over him. This was her chance and she 
didn't intend to mess it up.

Darin stared at his sexy daughter, his eyes darting from her hot 
seeping pussy to her bare tit. His cock ached in his pants and he could 
still feel the heat of her cunt on his finger.

"Get up," he said, his voice laced more with lust than with anger. "Get 
up and cover yourself."

Judy stood, her skirt falling down into place. She licked her lips and 
ripped her top off, baring both her plump creamy tits.

"I've only been fucked once," she said softly, her sweet innocent voice 
keeping her father spellbound.

She unhooked her skirt and it melted to the floor, her long slender 
legs and blonde pussy bare. She stood naked in front of him, her hips 
swaying, her legs spread.

Darin couldn't speak. He could only stare at his naked daughter. His 
nuts rumbled and he tried to bring his lust under control.

"What are you doing?"

Judy quivered with passion, her pulpy tits swollen with desire. "I want 
you, Daddy." Her voice was laced with lust. "I want your cock and I'll 
do anything to get it. Anything, just let me have your cock."

His daughter's words echoed in his skull. He couldn't take his eyes off 
her naked flesh. "No," he said. He was losing the battle to keep his 
lust controlled.

Judy knew it and pressed. She skimmed her hand up her sizzling flesh 
and cupped her tits. "Tommy sucked my titties, Daddy," she said, her 
voice quaking. "He ate my pussy and broke my cherry."

Darin's head was spinning. He gulped back the lump that was clogging 
his throat as he watched her fondle her soft creamy tits.

"How many others?" he rasped.

"None, Daddy," she said, knowing deep inside she was at last going to 
have her father. "Just once with Tommy."

She brought her hands down her tingling body and stroked her fingers 
through her pussy. Hot cream flowed.

"You felt my pussy. It's always like that. Always wet and itching to be 
fucked."

"You don't know what you're saying," he groaned, hypnotized by what she 
was doing.

"Yes I do, Daddy," she sighed breathlessly. She turned around, 
displaying her red ass. "Did you like beating me?" She wiggled her hips 
and bent over, her hands slipping around and parting the cheeks of her 
ass.

"Jesus Christ," he groaned, feasting his eyes on the crack of her ass 
and the puffy folds of her hot wet pussy. "Stop it, Judy. I'm your 
father."

Judy turned around and dropped to her knees. She crawled between his 
legs and rubbed his crotch. She fumbled with his zipper as he sat in a 
trance and watched.

"I can't help myself," she said. "I want you."

She hauled out her father's prick and gasped. It was twice as thick as 
Tommy's and much longer.

"Ooooo, Daddy. It's so big and beautiful." she swooned, her mouth 
watering to suck it.

Darin leered down at his naked daughter, his prick throbbing violently 
in her hot clinging hands. "You're gorgeous, baby," he moaned, giving 
in to his lust. "So gorgeous and sexy."

She looked up at him, her eyes bright with desire. "Can I suck your 
cock?" She brought her body close and rubbed his hard throbbing prick 
over the heated flesh of her tits. "Ummmm, Daddy. Your prick feels so 
good against my titties."

"Suck it, baby. Suck it all you want." He no longer cared. His lust and 
desire for his beautiful child had taken control.

"Ummmm, Daddy." She pressed his cock between her tits and stroked his 
cock-shaft. "When I sucked Tommy's cock all I could think about was 
you. When he creamed in my mouth I pretended it was your cum squirting 
into my throat."

His daughter's words were driving Darin insane. He touched her face, 
his prick throbbing between her plump tits.

"Baby," he gasped.

Judy twisted her head and sucked his fingers into her mouth. She stared 
at him and saw the lust fill his face as she rubbed her tits against 
his rock-hard dick.

She hummed, taking her mouth away. "I'm gonna do that to your cock."

"Do it," he said huskily. "Do it, baby."

Judy was in her glory. She pulled at his pants, yanking them down and 
off. She purred, caressing his huge balls and long thick cock-shaft.

"It looks so delicious, Daddy."

"Eat me, Judy. Eat me."

Judy brought her wet, eager mouth to his cock-shaft. Her moist lips 
glided up and down the length of his prick, her tongue flicking out, 
teasing at his throbbing meat. She sucked and nibbled, her mouth 
working effortlessly up his thick prick-shaft to his bloated cockhead.

"Nnnnn, baby," Darin groaned, not yet believing he was actually 
allowing his young daughter to suck his prick. "Nnnn, Judy, this is 
crazy."

"No, Daddy," she gasped, lifting her head. "This is what I want and the 
way your cock is throbbin' you want it too."

Darin couldn't argue with her simple logic. He wanted her, wanted her 
as badly as he had ever wanted her mother, even on their wedding night.

"Suck it, baby. Make Daddy happy."

Judy brought her mouth back to her father's thick prick. She flashed 
out her tongue and swiped it over his cum-crammed balls. She coated his 
nut-sac with her spit then clamped her mouth to his prick-shaft and 
nibbled her way up to the bell-shaped head of his towering cock.

She moaned as she grabbed the thick base. "Ummmmm, so delicious."

Darin twisted on the crate, his prick trapped in her clutching hand, 
his cock-head drenched with her warm spit. "Put it in your mouth, 
baby," he groaned. "Put it in your mouth."

"Yesss, Daddy," she sighed, his words thrilling her.

A shuddering spasm swept through her pussy as she parted her lips and 
enveloped the fat spongy head of his cock with her mouth.

"Unnn, baby," Darin groaned, the heat of her mouth searing his cock-
shaft and caroming down to his cum-filled balls. "Unnnn, suck it, Judy. 
Suck me!"

With his cock-head in her mouth, she sucked easily, savoring his prick 
as she gently stroked his prick-shaft and balls with her hand. She used 
her tongue, swirling it around the head of his dick and through the 
small slit of his pisser. Hot flashes of joy bombarded her as she eased 
the head of his cock along the roof of her mouth toward the entrance of 
her throat.

Darin gawked at his naked daughter. His head was throbbing, his groin 
churning. He jerked up, the head of his cock clogging her gullet.

"Unnn, Judy. Your mouth is fantastic! Suck me, baby!"

Judy heard and swooned. Her head swirled in a cloud of lust. She was 
sucking her father's cock and it blew her young mind! Tremors swept 
through her cunt and she sucked deeper, allowing the head of his fat 
prick to spear her tight throat.

The cum in Darin's balls rumbled and he lunged up, humping at her face, 
his cock jabbing in and out of her mouth. His prick swelled, her 
swiping tongue and deep sucks churning his cum-laden balls.

"Unnnn, Judy!"

Judy sensed that her father was going to cum. She pulled her mouth off 
his prick, her blue eyes glowing with fire. She gripped his prick in 
both hands, squeezing it rhythmically.

"Oooo, Daddy. When you cum in my mouth I'm gonna go crazy!" she said as 
she flashed her tongue over his bloated cockhead, swiping up a thick 
glob of cum that had oozed out from his pisser. "Ummmm, it's so 
delicious!"

"Eat it, baby. Don't talk." He jabbed up at her face, his cock-head 
banging against her lips. "Put it back in your sweet mouth."

Judy was drunk with lust. She wanted each second to last an eternity 
and talking prolonged it, making it even more exciting and erotic.

"I like talking about it, Daddy," she moaned. "Don't you like it, too?"

Darin nodded. "Yeah," he rasped, finding that her voice and the things 
she was saying added to his lust. "Talk all you want, baby, as long as 
my cum winds up in your mouth and not all over your face."

"Ooooo, Daddy," she moaned, massaging his balls and squeezing his 
prick. "I wanna suck out every drop of your cum and then I want you to 
fuck me till I faint!"

"Unnn," Darin moaned, his hips twitching as his daughter's fingers 
rhythmically squeezed his prick. He reached for her. "No more talk. 
Suck! Suck me off!"

Judy looked at his prick. It made her dizzy. She brought her lips to 
his cock and gobbled it into her mouth. In one downward lunge she took 
him to his balls, his cock-hair flush with her lips, his fat prick 
buried to the hilt, throbbing wildly in her stretched throat.

"Unnnn, baby," Darin groaned, his prick swelling in the wetness of her 
throat. "Suck! Suck it!"

Judy swooned, her body spasming as his prick filled her mouth and 
gullet. She dragged her teeth along his prick-shaft, her tongue 
slashing at his cock until her gnawing teeth caught the ridge of his 
bloated cockhead. She slammed her head down hard, mashing her lips into 
his groin as his prick speared her throat.

Darin growled, her teeth making his cock twitch. He lifted his ass off 
the crate, plowing her throat. He dropped back with a thud then humped 
up, plowing her face with quick, powerful jabs.

With her mouth stuffed with his cock, she used her tongue, whipping it 
across his throbbing cock-shaft as he drilled her throat. She gnawed on 
his hard cock-meat, her mouth sucking as he lunged up. She brought her 
hands to his balls and held them, feeling the heaviness of them. It 
made her cream just knowing that soon all his jizz would be flooding 
her mouth.

"Baby," Darin gasped as he fucked her face with hard punching stabs. 
"Unnn, suck it. Chew it. Lemme feel your teeth."

Judy plunged her head down, catching the rhythm of his quick, lunging 
fuck-stabs. His cock pierced her throat, her lips mangled against his 
groin. She sank her teeth into his prick-shaft and heard him growl with 
pleasure. She chewed, her head bobbing frantically up and down as he 
pounded her faster with his ready-to-explode cock.

"I'm ready, baby," he grunted, humping up into her hot sucking mouth. 
"I'm ready."

Judy knew it. His frenzied jabs had her crazy. She sucked in her 
cheeks, anxious to have his cum squirting into her mouth. She whipped 
her tongue over his plowing prick-shaft, chewing and sucking her 
father's prick with wild abandonment.

"I'm cuming," he roared, plowing his cock balls deep into her throat. 
"I'm cuming!"

His balls erupted, a thick river of jizz blasting from his piss-hole 
and squirting into his daughter's throat.

"I'm cuming, baby! Aghhhh!" he bellowed.

There wasn't time to gulp the first thick wad. She gulped as another 
stream of jizz spurted from his cock. Her eyes bulged, her mouth flying 
rapidly up and down his exploding prick. She met his hard thrusts, 
smashing her face into his groin, his cock exploding in her mouth and 
throat. She gulped on his prick, the cum filling her cheeks and gagging 
her. It was nothing like Tommy's climax and it overwhelmed her.

Darin hammered his climaxing prick into his daughter's sucking mouth. 
"Unnnn, baby. Suck it! Suck it!" He lunged up, his groin colliding with 
her face. "Unnnn, I'm creamin', baby. Christ, my fuckin' balls are 
busting!"

Cum gushed into her throat, flooding her mouth and oozing out from her 
nose and clinging to her lips. It drooled over his nuts and soaked the 
curly hair around his cock. Her head bobbed, her teeth gnawing, her 
tongue lashing. She swallowed his jizz almost as fast as it squirted 
from his prick. She gagged, choking on the deluge of cum that erupted 
from his balls. She felt as if she were drowning and it made her cream.

Darin couldn't stop. His balls churned out wad after wad as quickly as 
his daughter sucked it into her mouth. He grabbed the crate, his cock 
drilling her face, his balls aching as they churned out more thick 
gooey clumps of jism that quickly spurred into her throat. Harder and-
harder he lunged into her face, her gurgling gags caroming around in 
his lust-sopped brain.

His prick was squirting like a river. Cum, instead of dribbling from 
her clinging lips, gushed. She sucked, choking and swallowing as fast 
as possible as she tried to capture every drop of his hot gooey load.

Her head bobbed in rhythm to his lunging stabs. She used her tongue, 
teeth, and deep sucks to keep him pounding her face. Her Hand gripped 
his cock-shaft and she jerked it frantically up and down, her lips 
meeting her fingers as the cum continued to flow out over her hot 
clinging lips.

"Unnnn, baby," he bellowed, his balls just about drained. "Unnnnn ... 
get it all!" He lunged up then crashed back to the crate, his breathing 
loud and raspy as he let his daughter finish him off.

Judy worked like a wildcat on her father's cock. Sucking and chewing, 
she jerked his prick-shaft, finally draining his nuts of the last 
precious drop of cum. She kept him in her mouth, sucking lazily, her 
fingers now caressing his spent cock.

Darin groaned, lunging up one last time. He twisted on the crate, her 
mouth still working its magic on his prick.

"Unnnn, Judy," he moaned.

Judy felt his cock begin to shrink in her mouth. She popped her mouth 
off and leered up at him from glazed eyes. Cum stained her lips and 
dribbled down his chin.

"Tommy didn't cream me that much," she whispered as she swallowed some 
of the cum still in her mouth. "God. There was so much of it."

Darin caught his breath. "Tommy's still a kid," he said huskily.

Judy bent her head and licked him clean then dropped back on the floor, 
her naked body writhing. "Now me, Daddy. Fuck me! Fuck me!"



Chapter 5


Darin shook his head. "You gotta give me a minute,, baby. You just 
sucked out my balls dry. I'm not a fuck-machine."

Judy staggered to her feet, a hot smile on her face. "There are other 
ways for you to take care of me until you get hard," she purred.

Darin grinned. "I know, baby," he said as he pulled his hot, trembling 
daughter into his arms and rubbed her hot, silky flesh. "I must be 
crazy doin' this with you."

Judy leaned against him, purring softly as his hands kept the fire in 
her pussy raging. "Ummmmm, Daddy. This isn't crazy. It's fantastic!"

Darin had to agree. He fondled her ass with one hand and pawed her 
plump, creamy tits with his other hand. "You're a damn sexy little 
bitch, baby."

"Mmmmm, I just wanna be sexy for you," she sighed, parting her legs and 
wriggling her hips. "You mad at Tommy?"

"No way," Darin said. "If I couldn't fight you off, I'm sure Tommy 
didn't stand a chance either."

He dipped his hand between her legs and stroked his fingers up through 
the sizzling wet gash of her hot oozing pussy.

"I'm glad," she gasped, twisting against him. "Suck my tits, Daddy and 
finger my pussy."

As Judy stood in front of him, Darin brought his mouth to one ripe, 
pulpy tit. He sucked on the pink swollen nipple, his tongue whipping 
across the hard pointed tip. His hands skimmed down her flesh and over 
the slight flare of her hips.

"Mmmmmm, Daddy," she moaned as she combed her fingers through his hair. 
"Bite me. I love having my titties chewed." She rolled her hips as his 
fingers kneaded her flesh. "Bite and suck ... unnnn yeah."

Darin feasted on his daughter's tits. He worked his mouth from one 
plump fleshy globe to the other, soaking her with his spit. His hands 
kneaded her hips and the firm cheeks of her ass. His daughter's sweet 
young body was driving him crazy all over again and he knew his prick 
would be hard again in minutes.

"Don't forget my pussy, Daddy," she gasped as he devoured her sensitive 
tits. "Finger-fuck me until I cream." She jerked her hips, her pussy 
pulsing for the hard jab of his fingers.

Darin cupped her ripe pussy with one hand, pussy-cream oozing over his 
palm. He rubbed her cunt, his fingers slipping through her wet sticky 
pussy-gash. His prick began to grow, his daughter's hot, whimpering 
voice and soft, eager body giving his prick new life.

"Inside, Daddy. Finger my cunt-hole." She bucked her hips, her hands 
moving his hungry mouth from one tit to the other. "Ooooooo, Daddy. 
Shove your fingers in my cunt!"

Darin jabbed his fingers into his whimpering daughter's pussy. Hot 
pussy-juice and spongy cunt-muscles greeted him. He twisted his hand, 
the blunt tips of his fingers pressing and gouging at the cushiony 
walls of her hot, pulsing pussy-hole.

"Baby," he groaned, his prick beginning to throb. "Damn!" He brought 
his mouth back to the jiggling flesh of her tits and sucked.

"Ooooo, I'm creamin', Daddy." She jerked her hips, grinding her cunt on 
his jabbing fingers. "Harder." She pulled on his hair and scratched his 
neck as he chewed on her tits. "Ooooo, Daddy. This is wonderful!"

Darin's fingers cut through the gooey ooze of his daughter's tightly 
gripping pussy. His cock thickened and his mouth slobbered over her 
tits, nipping and sucking as she squealed with pleasure. His free hand 
curled around her slim waist and dropped to her ass. He mauled her 
creamy ass cheeks, the soft flesh of her body driving him wild.

"I'm gonna cum on your damn fingers, Daddy," she gasped. "Ooooo, 
Christ." She swiveled her hips, her legs trembling as an orgasm caromed 
through her cunt. "Ahhhh!"

She bucked against his fingers, his head mashed against her tits. 
"Bite, Daddy. Finger me. I'm cuming!"

Darin jabbed his fingers in deep, twisting them in her climaxing cunt. 
He sucked hard on her nipples as she squirmed and twisted in his arms. 
He moaned, his mouth stuffed with her tit.

Judy shuddered, her legs turning to rubber as she slumped against him. 
"Ooooo, Daddy. I need your cock now! God, give it to me." She pushed 
his mouth away from her tits and squirmed out of his arms. "Oooooo, 
Daddy!"

Darin watched her melt to the floor, his cock stone-hard and throbbing. 
He leered at her hot, teenaged pussy as she spread her legs wide and 
rolled her hips.

Judy gawked at his prick, her mouth drooling, her blue eyes bright. 
"Get on the floor and let me ride it," she gasped. "I wanna fuck you. 
You can watch me when I cum."

Darin got on the floor, his prick jutting from his groin like a 
skyscraper. His balls were aching and he grabbed his cock.

"You're gonna love it, baby," he groaned.

"I know," Judy drooled as she ogled his fat, throbbing cock. She 
reached for it, pushing his hand away. "Ooooo, it's gonna feel 
fantastic!"

"Climb on, baby, and enjoy yourself." Trembling, Judy straddled her 
father's body. She brought her dripping pussy to his prick and pressed 
it into his groin, his thick cock-shaft mashed against her cunt. She 
wriggled her hips and gasped as tiny spasms caromed through her pussy.

"Ooooo, Daddy!"

Darin leered at his young daughter. Her innocent face and sweet lithe 
body had him mesmerized. "Stick it in, baby and feel how deep my cock 
goes."

"Soon, Daddy," she moaned. "When I can't stand it anymore."

She glanced down and saw the bloated head of his cock. She slid her 
pussy back, exposing his prick. Her cunt-juice coated it.

"Ooooo, I can feel your cock throbbing."

Darin kept his lust in check. "Don't take all day," he groaned. The 
heat from her pussy was swelling his balls.

She jerked her hips forward, the head of his cock brushing against her 
pulsing clit. A shudder swept through her and she swayed as she did it 
again and again.

"Ooooo, I'm creamin! Ohhhh, Daddy!"

"I know," Darin groaned, his prick drenched in the sticky juices of her 
overheated cunt. He grabbed her small, plump tits and kneaded the soft 
flesh, her nipples searing the palms of his hands. "You're one hot 
little bitch."

A drunken smile spread across her face. "I'm your hot little bitch," 
she sighed, leaning into his pawing hands. She rolled her hips, her 
cunt gliding back and forth across his throbbing hard-on. "Mmmmmm, I'm 
ready now. Are you?"

"Yeah, baby," Darin moaned.

Judy lifted her quivering ass and reached between her legs. She grabbed 
his hulking cock and dragged the bloated head through the puffy folds 
of her sizzling cunt. She began to shake, her tits jiggling as her 
father grabbed her hips to keep her steady.

"Easy, baby," he groaned. "Put it in."

Drunk with passion, she ignored her father, wanting to torment herself 
until she was out of her mind. She dragged his prick through her cunt-
gash again until the room started to spin.

"Ummmmmm, Daddy!"

With his cockhead now in her pussy, she lowered her body, inching his 
hulky cock into her pussy. Each throbbing inch stretched the spongy 
muscles of her steamy cunt-hole. She hummed as her pussy-muscles closed 
around his cock-shaft.

"Baby," Darin moaned, his fingers digging into her hips. "Unnnn, you're 
tight." He wanted to slam her down on his cock but he didn't. If she 
wanted to torment herself, he'd let her. He was enjoying it too.

Judy teased herself mercilessly. She felt him throb inside her, her 
pussy craving all of his cock instead of only half.

"Oooooo! Daddy!"

Quivering, she couldn't take the pressure any longer. She slammed down, 
stuffing herself with her father's hulking cock. She swooned, her body 
swaying as she impaled herself.

"It's in me. So deep. Oooo, it's stretching me so much!" she cried.

With his hands on her wriggling hips, Darin feasted his eyes on her 
lush young body. His cock was throbbing in the tight depths of her 
pussy. She was like a spongy vise of wet clinging heat.

"Daddy!" she squealed as she rolled her hips, her tight pussy adjusting 
to the fat meat of his throbbing prick. "Oooo, it's heaven!"

Darin grabbed her tits and kneaded the soft creamy flesh. He pulled at 
her nipples making her moan. "Ride it, baby. Ride it!"

"I'm so hot, Daddy," she gasped as she rotated her hips. "So hot." Her 
tongue flicked out over her lips and her blue eyes dined on his lust-
etched face. "Does it feel good like Mommy's pussy?"

"Yeah, baby," Darin groaned as she squirmed on his dick. "Wet and tight 
just like your mother's."

"Ummmm, Daddy!" She lifted up slowly, his cock easing from her cunt. 
Then she slammed down, quivering and screaming as she pierced her pussy 
with his prick. "Ahhhhhh! Did you like it, Daddy?"

"Do it again, baby," he groaned.

His gut was taut as he watched her young, trembling body lift off his 
prick. He spanned her tits, his fingers digging into the supple flesh.

With only the head of his cock buried in her cunt, Judy crashed down, 
screaming as her cunt rifled with her father's prick. She lifted up and 
did it again as her blue eyes dilated and her face turned red.

"Oooooo, it's fantastic! It makes me cream!"

Darin brought his hands to her wriggling hips and lifted her up, 
plunging her body down on his prick. He did it again, her squeals of 
joy filling the stockroom. He grunted, slamming her up and down on his 
prick as if she were weightless.

"Unnnn, Judy! Baby!"

Judy screamed with pleasure. She rocked on his cock, her tits bouncing 
as he plundered her pussy with his fat cock. "Ahhhhh, Daddy. I'm 
creamin'! Ummmmm!"

The door to the stockroom opened and Dolores poked her head in. Her 
eyes widened in shock as she stared at her husband and daughter on the 
floor.

"Ooooo my, God," she gasped, her hand tightening around the door knob, 
her knuckles turning white. "I don't believe it!" She stared, keeping 
the door open just enough so she could see.

Judy bounced on her father's cock, her head snapping back, her blonde 
hair swishing across her bare back. "Oooo, I'm stuffed, Daddy!" she 
wailed. "Your cock is driving me crazy!"

She rolled her hips, squashing her body down, taking his prick to the 
root. She leaned forward, her small tits at her father's mouth.

"Suck 'em, Daddy. Suck my tits."

With his ass thumping on the floor and his cock jabbing into his 
daughter's pussy, Darin gobbled on her tits. He sucked and stabbed, 
Judy going insane on top of him as he mauled her hips and clutching 
thighs.

Judy shivered in bliss, her pussy crammed with her father's cock. She 
moaned as hot flashes of pleasure whipped through her pussy. She used 
her cunt-muscles, clamping them around his cock-shaft as he lunged up 
into her pussy-hole.

"You feel me, Daddy? Huh?"

"Yeah," he groaned. "Your cunt is fabulous!" He jabbed into her squishy 
pussy, his balls swelling as her muscles and cunt juice attacked his 
cock.

Dolores trembled as she watched. She glanced back over her shoulder, 
hoping Tommy wouldn't come up behind her. With their voices growing 
louder, she slipped inside and closed the door, hiding behind a stack 
of crates.

Darin mauled his daughter's ass, his mouth chomping on her tits. He 
humped up, the head of his cock jabbing into the cushiony softness of 
her sizzling pussy.

"Unnn, baby," he grunted, his words lost in the soft flesh of his 
daughter's tits. "Unnn, Judy!"

"Daddy!" she wailed. "I can feel it throbbing in my cunt. I'm creamin' 
all over it." She twisted her hips slowly, lifting up then slamming 
down at the same time. "Ummmmm, your cock is in so deep." Her pussy 
gobbled on his cock, her hips rotating slowly. "Oooooo!"

Darin brought his hands back to her tits, his fingers sinking into the 
pulpy meat. He chewed on the nipples, his mouth working frantically 
from one pink tip to the other. His hips lunged, his cock skewering her 
cunt-hole each time he nipped at a nipple.

Dolores watched them, jealousy and lust raging through her body. She 
squeezed her thighs together and whimpered as the warm, buttery juices 
of her cunt drenched her panties. She swooned, gaping at her daughter's 
bare ass jiggling as she humped her young body up and down Darin's 
cock.

"Little nympho," she whispered. "Damn little nympho!"

"I'm getting close, Daddy. Ooooo, I can feel it getting ready to 
happen." She moaned. "Ooooo!" She trembled, her hands caressing his 
face. "Make me cum, Daddy. Make me go crazy!"

His child's begging voice was driving him insane. His hips lunged up, 
his cock slicing into her spongy pussy. "I'm ready too, baby. God, I'm 
gonna fill your pussy."

"Ummmm, Daddy. I can feel your cock getting bigger!" She bounced 
frantically on his stabbing prick, thrashing about like a stuck pig. 
"Make it happen. Cum. Cream me!"

The next instant her head snapped back as her father's cock jabbed into 
her cunt and his groin mashed her clit. "I'm cuming, Daddy! I'm 
cuming!"

She went berserk, thrashing and twisting on his stabbing cock as 
orgasms raced through her cock-stuffed pussy.

"Aghhhhh, I'm cuming, Daddy!"

More orgasms whipped through her pussy as she went into wild 
contortions. "Oooo, you feel me cuming?" she asked as she rotated her 
hips, grinding her cunt down on his cock and mangling her clit into his 
humping groin. "Ooooo, feel me cum!"

"I do, baby," Darin roared. He jammed his cock in and out of her 
pulsing cunt. "I do!"

Her swollen tits bounced, the nipples ready to split open. She twisted 
her hips, her pulsing clit mashing into his hard groin. Hot flashes 
swept through her pussy, spreading rapidly to every part of her 
quivering body.

"Ooooo, fuck me! Fuck me! I'm cuming!"

Darin fucked his daughter's climaxing cunt until his balls exploded. 
His hands clamped on her gyrating hips as the hot jizz gushed through 
his cock-shaft and spurted from his pisser.

"I'm cuming!" he shouted. "I'm cuming, Judy! Aghhhhh!"

"Yessssss, Daddy!" she shrieked, her body bucking and churning on her 
father's squirting cock. "I love it. Your cum is fillin' my pussy!" She 
twisted her hips and lunged forward, grinding her clit into his 
powerful body. "Ooooo! Keep cumin'!"

Dolores was in awe. Seeing her young daughter creaming was driving her 
mad. She swayed, feeling dizzy, the insides of her cunt on fire.

"Ooooo, God," she whispered. "I don't believe it!"

Judy screeched as she rocked precariously on her father's stabbing 
cock. She rocked on his prick, swaying, almost toppling off as he 
lunged up into her pussy. Her tits bounced, her head snapping from side 
to side as her blonde hair slashed across her face.

"More, Daddy! More!"

Darin responded to his daughter's squeals. His balls rumbled and 
erupted again, the hot cum spurting from his prick like a river. Gobs 
of jizz flooding her squishy pussy, her pulsing cunt-walls soaking it 
up like a sponge. He jabbed, squirting his cum deep until her cunt 
over-flowed.

"Unnnn, Daddy," she moaned. "Harder! Harder!" She gripped his 
shoulders, her nails digging into his skin as she bounced on his cock. 
"Faster! Faster!"

Cum filled her cunt and oozed out over her puffy folds. It drooled down 
over her father's balls, the filmy white cum coating the base of his 
prick-shaft.

With Dolores watching, her husband and daughter battled on the floor. 
Darin lunged up, drilling his prick into Judy's pussy. Judy slammed 
down, driving his ass back to the floor as she skewered her cunt on his 
prick. Their bodies clashed, then parted, clashed again as more orgasms 
ripped through them and cum squished against them.

Judy thrashed maniacally, her orgasms building until everything seemed 
to turn fuzzy. She fell forward, her tits smashing into her father's 
face. Her hips never stopped moving and the muscles of her cunt gulped 
at his spewing cock as she writhed on top of him.

Darin's hands flowed over his daughter's twisting body. He gnawed at 
her tits, his hips lunging, his cock plowing in and out of her cunt.

"Baby," he groaned, "unnnn, baby!"

Judy began to twitch, the last of her orgasms rippling through her 
body. She collapsed, his cock still buried in her pussy, her muscles 
still greedily tugging on his prick-shaft. She showered him with 
kisses, her hips rolling as his cock began to shrink inside her pussy.

"Ooooo, Daddy!" she squealed.

Darin groaned and lifted his daughter up as he gasped for air. "Baby, 
you're one great little fuck." He sat up as she rolled off him. 
"Whewwww!"

Judy giggled. "When can we do it again, Daddy?"

Darin shook his head. "I don't know, baby. There's your mother to 
consider."

A smirk crossed Dolores' face as she watched them dress.

Judy smiled. If she could get Tommy to fuck their mother everything 
would be all right. "Maybe tomorrow while Mommy is shoppin'?" she 
suggested.

Darin fixed his pants and saw her ripped top. "You better get right 
upstairs. You can't work like that."

Judy giggled. "Okay, but think about tomorrow." She held her ripped top 
over her tits and hurried from the stockroom.

Darin watched her go then left, wondering how he was going to take care 
of Judy without Dolores finding out.

Alone in the stockroom, Dolores sat down. She had a lot to think about.



Chapter 6


Judy sat on the bed waiting for her brother. She couldn't wait to tell 
him what had happened with her father.

Tommy rapped softly on the door and poked his head in. "Judy?"

"C'mon in," she said excitedly. She squirmed on the bed as Tommy joined 
her.

"What happened in the stockroom?" he asked. "I couldn't ask you at 
dinner. Did Dad beat you?"

Judy giggled. "He fucked me," she said, looking her brother right in 
the eye. "Right on the stockroom floor! It was the most fantastic thing 
in my life." She swooned, the memory of her father's cock plunging into 
her pussy sending spasms of pleasure through her young body.

"Jesus Christ!" Tommy gasped. "God, I wish I could fuck Mom."

"Why don't you try? Daddy's out and Mommy's working downstairs in the 
store on inventory." Having fucked her father, Judy didn't think 
anything was impossible.

"Shit, Judy," he moaned, wanting to try, but not believing it could 
happen. "Mom's not like Dad."

"I'll bet you could do it." She winked. "If she's anything like me ..." 
She giggled. "I've seen her givin' you the eye. Go on downstairs and 
try. I'll hide and watch."

Tommy took a deep breath. His sister's confidence was rubbing off on 
him. "I think you're crazy, but I'll try it."

"Great!" Judy exclaimed as she jumped off the bed. She grabbed his 
hand. "C'mon."

They hurried downstairs to their parents' store. Judy opened the door 
and peeked out, spotting her mother at the far end of an aisle.

"Go on, Tommy," she whispered, squeezing his crotch. "Good luck."

Tommy groaned. "I'm gonna need it." As Tommy walked down the aisle 
toward his mother, Judy slipped out and hid in the next aisle. She 
quietly moved some merchandise to give herself a perfect view of her 
mother. She gulped as Tommy came into view.

"Hi, Mom," Tommy said nervously as he ogled his mother's ass wrapped in 
tight satin shorts. A lump clogged his throat and a tremor caromed 
through his balls.

Caught by surprise, Dolores straightened up and spun around. "Tommy!" 
she said, giving him a big sexy smile. "I thought you were upstairs 
with your sister."

Her eyes dropped to his crotch and the bulge in his pants. It excited 
her. If Darin could make it with Judy, she was damn sure going to make 
it with Tommy!

Tommy leered at his mother. Her big tits strained against the sexy 
halter that barely covered her nipples. He felt dizzy, imagining his 
mouth sucking on them.

"Judy's readin'," Tommy said, his voice quaking. "I thought I might 
help you with inventory."

Dolores saw the way he was staring at her tits and it excited her. She 
turned around and bent over, displaying her satin-clad ass and long 
legs. She paused for a second, knowing he was gawking. Her insides 
churned.

Tommy's eyes popped out. He could see the way the crotch of her shorts 
dug into the gash of her cunt and it made his mouth water.

"I'll take that, Mom," he said, reaching out for the box as she 
straightened up. He rested it on the shelf, his eyes darting back to 
the outline of her large, swollen nipples beneath her halter. He stood 
there, not knowing what to do.

Dolores could feel her son's desire for her and it made her head spin. 
She leaned toward him, pretending to reach for something behind him. 
The halter eased up, the creamy flesh of one succulent tit becoming 
exposed.

"Oooooo!" she squealed, tripping on purpose and falling into his arms. 
"Ummmmm, you're strong, Tommy."

Tommy was shaking. His mother's tits were crushed into his chest and 
the scent of her perfume was driving him crazy. He blushed as she 
crawled out of his arms, his eyes popping. Her halter hadn't fallen 
into place and one tit was still exposed. He gulped, his eyes riveted 
to the creamy meat of her tit and large reddish-brown nipple.

"Tommy," she said, noticing that her tit was showing. "You shouldn't 
took at me like that." She brought her hand to her tit, covering it 
just enough to tease him.

Tommy groaned deep in his throat, his prick throbbing and forming a 
giant lump in his pants. "It's ... beautiful," he rasped, his throat 
dry.

"Maybe you'd like to take off my top and really get a good look at my 
tits?" she suggested. Her heart was racing and the insides of her cunt 
was greased with hot bubbling juice.

Judy's head was swimming as she stared at her mother and brother. Her 
mother was seducing Tommy and it blew her young mind! She licked her 
lips, watching as Tommy nervously pulled off Dolores' top. A sigh 
caught in Judy's throat. Her mother's tits were gorgeous and it 
suddenly hit her that she wanted to suck them, too.

"Ooooo, Mom," Tommy groaned, feasting his eyes on his mother's large, 
melon-shaped tits. "Lemme touch them."

"I was hopin' you'd want to," Dolores sighed breathlessly. "You can do 
anything you want to them."

Tommy brought his hands to his mother's creamy tits. His palms were 
sweaty as his fingers sank into the soft, pliant meat of her tits. He 
squeezed, the hard, pointed nipples burning into the palms of his 
hands. He groaned, his fingers kneading and squeezing her gorgeous 
tits.

"Unnnn, Mom!"

"Tommy," Dolores rasped, his pawing hands driving her wild. "Did you 
ever do this to your sister?"

Tommy was hypnotized. He nodded, his eyes glued to her tittie meat and 
his fingers. "Yeah," he mumbled, "A couple of days ago." He didn't care 
that she knew. All he was interested in was fucking her.

"Ummmm, did you suck Judy's tits?" Dolores' cunt was on fire.

"Yeah," he admitted. "We did everything."

Dolores caressed his face then brought her hands to his, making him 
squeeze her pulpy tit flesh harder. "Mmmmmm. She's a sexy little bitch, 
isn't she?"

"Not as sexy as you, Mom," Tommy groaned. "Lemme suck 'em."

His prick was stiff and aching like a bad tooth. His nuts were swollen, 
painfully sore in his tight jeans. Without waiting for her reply, he 
lowered his head to her tits and began licking the flesh, his fingers 
still pawing and caressing her creamy globes.

"Ooooo, Tommy. Your mouth feels so good." She pushed him down on a box, 
her tits level with his face. "Suck 'em, Tommy. Suck 'em like your 
father does."

Tommy buried his face between her mammoth tit globes and licked. His 
moans were muffled as he nibbled on her soft tittie meat. His hands 
roamed her body, exploring and enjoying the touch of her flesh. He 
caressed her bare thighs and the cheeks of her ass through the slick 
satin of her shorts.

Dolores was out of her skull. "Bite, Tommy. Bite and suck my nipples."

She swayed, her legs parting and stiffening, her dark blonde hair 
swishing across her bare back as Tommy's hands and feasting mouth gave 
her pleasure.

Tommy sank his teeth into one swollen nipple and slashed his tongue 
across the tip. At the same time he mauled her other tit with his hand. 
He chewed, his mother's moans echoing in his skull.

Dolores grabbed his head. She rubbed his face over her tits, panting 
and drooling as his teeth snipped at her flesh and sensitive nipples.

"Ooooo, you're just like your father, Tommy!"

Tommy gasped, his eyes bulging, her big fleshy tits a blur of creamy 
white as she brushed them across his face. He chewed and sucked, her 
white tits turning pink and then red as his mouth became more demanding 
and his mother's moans of pleasure grew louder. He found her ass and 
began squeezing her cheeks through her satin shorts.

From her vantage point, Judy watched Tommy fondle their mother's ass. 
She squeezed her thighs together, the juices staining her shorts. She 
bit her lip to keep from moaning and at the same time prayed that Tommy 
would pull off her shorts and expose her ass.

"Take off my shorts," Dolores gasped. "Strip me." She crushed his face 
into her wet tits. "Aaaaah ... bite ... suck!"

Tommy's mouth became ferocious. He chewed and sucked hard, his groans 
muffled by her tits. He latched his fingers into her shorts and pulled 
them down, his hands quickly going to the bare cheeks of her ass. He 
sank his fingers into her ass, his head spinning, his cock feeling as 
if it were going to burst.

Dolores wiggled her legs, her shorts dropping to her ankles. "You wanna 
see me?" she panted, releasing his head. She stepped back and out of 
her shorts, modeling her lush, naked body for her horny son.

Tommy's head was reeling as he gawked at his naked mother. His eyes 
swept up her long legs to the thick patch of dark blonde hair that 
decorated her pussy. He gulped, his eyes traveling over her full hips 
and slim waist to her huge tits. His mouth was open but he couldn't 
speak.

Dolores trembled under her son's hot gaze. "The way you're looking at 
me makes me cream," she said as she grabbed her tits, cupping them, the 
nipples pointed at her son. "Look what you did, Tommy. You got my tits 
all red from biting them."

Tommy saw and his mouth watered. "I'll do that to your whole body, if 
you let me," he said, his voice husky with lust.

"Mmmmmm, sounds good. Maybe another time. Right now I wanna see what 
you got between your legs."

As Dolores dropped to her knees, Judy drooled over the sight of her 
mother's bare ass. She wanted to come out from behind the shelves and 
sink her teeth into the creamy meat of her mother's beautiful ass. She 
slipped her hand into her shorts and began stroking her blood-gorged 
clit as her mother unzipped Tommy's pants.

"It's nice and big," Dolores sighed as she hauled out her son's prick. 
"Just like your father's." She stroked his cock and then gobbled it 
into her mouth.

"Unnnnn, Mom," Tommy groaned. The heat of her mouth enveloped his cock 
and churned the cum in his swollen balls. "Unnn, suck, Mom! Suck me!" 
He lunged up, driving his prick into his mother's throat as she gobbled 
voraciously on his cock. "Unnnn ... God!"

With his prick in her mouth, Dolores pulled at his pants and shorts, 
finally getting them down around his ankles. She sucked deep, her mouth 
bobbing wildly up and down his cock-shaft, her spit coating it as it 
drooled from her lips. She cupped his balls then gave them a gentle 
squeeze as he groaned with pleasure.

"You're delicious," she gasped, popping her mouth off his cock. "So 
delicious!"

She gripped his prick in her hand, shifting her fist slowly up and down 
his cock-shaft as he squirmed on the box.

"Does Judy give a good blow-job?"

Tommy stared at his mother and nodded. His prick ached and he wanted 
her mouth back on it. "Suck me, Mom. Put it back in you mouth."

"You might cream and then you won't be able to fuck me," she purred, 
enjoying her son's agonizing lust.

"It'll get hard again," he groaned. "It did for Judy." He squirmed on 
the box, his cock trapped in her gripping fist.

"Mmmmmm. You are just like your father." She flashed her tongue over 
his spongy cockhead, coming away with a pearl drop of jizz. "Mmmmmm, 
tasty."

Judy was mesmerized as she hid behind the shelves. Watching her mother 
play with Tommy's cock was making her dizzy. She pinched her clit and 
shivered as tiny spasms rippled through her juice-soaked cunt-hole.

Dolores squeezed his cock. She was hot as hell, the insides of her cunt 
pulsing. She wanted to suck him off and at the same time, she needed 
his prick buried up inside her hungry pussy. It was a dilemma. She 
squeezed his cock again, soft sighs escaping her mouth as she tried to 
make up her mind.

"Eat me," Tommy begged, lunging his cock up through her fist. "Eat me."

Dolores swooped down on her son's prick and sucked it into her throat. 
She gnawed on the throbbing base, her tongue whipping across his shaft. 
She lifted her head then slammed down again, piercing her throat with 
his cock. She chewed frantically, wanting to taste his cum quickly. The 
sooner he creamed, the sooner she could have his dick stuffed up her 
pussy.

"Aghhhh," Tommy growled as his mother feasted maniacally on his 
throbbing cock. "Unnnnn, I'm gonna cum!"

Dolores welcomed it. She bobbed her head and sucked, igniting the fire 
in his churning balls.

"I'm cuming, Mom," he roared. "I'm cuming!"

He jabbed her face, his groin whacking into her lips as his balls 
burst. Hot thick jizz sprayed from his pisser and splattered the back 
of his mother's mouth and oozed down her throat.

"I'm cuming!"

Dolores gulped on her son's exploding cock. She sucked, the thick wads 
filling her cheeks and gushing down her throat. She caught his frenzied 
rhythm, her mouth flying up and down his cock-shaft as cum and spit 
oozed from her clinging lips. She sucked then chewed, his humping body 
battering her face as he stabbed his squirting cock in and out of her 
mouth.

Dolores gobbled on his prick, drinking his cum as it squirted from his 
pisshole. She gnawed on his cockshaft, her teeth scraping, her tongue 
lashing. She swirled her tongue around his bloated cock-head, cum 
flowing out and filling her cheeks.

Tommy's ass hammered the box, his cock slicing in and out of his 
mother's mouth. He felt the deep sucking action of her mouth and his 
balls responded, the cum gushing up through his prick-shaft and into 
her throat. "Ahhhhh! You're suckin' out my balls! I'm cumming, Mom!"

Dolores stopped bobbing up and down, allowing her son to drill his 
prick into her face. She sucked, his groans filling her head as his cum 
filled her mouth. She chewed, his stabbing cock squirting thick stringy 
cum into her throat. She lashed his prick with her tongue, his groans 
growing louder as his frantic stabs grew more demanding.

Tommy grabbed his mother's head, his fingers curling into her thick 
hair. He lunged up, spearing her throat, his cum flooding her mouth and 
filling her cheeks.

"Unnnn, Mom! Bite! Use your teeth!" Dolores sank her teeth into his 
cock-shaft and gnawed. Hot cum spurted from his pisser, gagging her for 
the moment. She gulped it down and at the same time slammed her face 
into his groin. She grabbed his thighs, her nails digging into his 
tight muscles.

Judy watched. The contorted expression of lust on her brother's face 
drove her wild. An orgasm whipped through her cunt and she almost 
toppled over. She caught herself just in time, gripping the shelf as 
she watched Tommy fuck their mother's face.

Tommy plowed Dolores' throat, the last of his cum oozing from his 
pisser and coating her swiping tongue. He dropped back on the box, his 
chest heaving, his prick shrinking in his mother's mouth.

"Unnnnn, I'm finished," he groaned. "Finished."

Dolores had other ideas. She kept him in her mouth and sucked, her 
tongue and teeth working on his limp prick. Slowly she bobbed her head, 
the gentle lapping of her tongue and soft pulsing sucks quickly 
bringing new life to his spent prick.

"Unnnn, Mom," Tommy groaned as he realized what was happening. "Oooooo, 
Christ, I'm getting hard already!" It blew his mind.

Dolores used all of her talents. Hot licks and gentle sucks, with an 
occasional nip, stiffened his prick into a thick steel beam of 
throbbing prick-meat. She pulled her mouth away from his new hard-on, a 
hot smile on her flushed face.

"You're ready for my pussy, you horny stud."

Tommy didn't believe it. He stared at his rigid cock then at his mother 
as she stood up and posed for him.

"You're fantastic!" he cried.

"It'll get even stiffer once you shove it in my pussy," she panted.

Dolores swayed her naked body in front of her son, her tits jiggling, 
the nipples swollen to the point of bursting.

Tommy rubbed his cock. It was wet with his mother's spit and it ached. 
"Lemme fuck you from the back, Mom," he groaned. "That way I can look 
at your ass."

"Mmmmmm," Dolores hummed. "Is that the way you fucked Judy?"

Tommy grinned sheepishly as he stood, his prick jutting out from his 
hard going. "I fucked her on the floor over near the cash register."

From her hiding place, Judy watched as her mother bent over. Hearing 
them talk about her made her cream. She licked her lips, her eyes 
fastened on her mother's naked body.

Dolores got comfortable over a stack of boxes, her tits mashing into 
the top. She wiggled her ass, her legs stiff and spread.

"Give it to me good, Son," she moaned. "Suckin' your cock made me hot 
as hell."

Tommy grabbed his mother's full hips and caressed the hot flesh, his 
eyes riveted to the creamy cheeks of her ass and the red glistening 
gash of her exposed pussy.

"You're gorgeous, Mom," he moaned, spreading her asscheeks and gazing 
hotly at her asshole.

"Stick it in, Son," Dolores whimpered. "Gimme your cock." She wriggled 
her hips again, her pussy anxious to feel her son's cock plowing her. 
"Gimme your cock, Tommy."

Tommy jerked his hips, his cock slicing into the soft, squishy depths 
of his mother's pussy. He groaned, jabbing hard, his groin whacking 
into the cheeks of her ass.

"Unnnnn, your pussy is so fuckin' hot," he said as he jerked back then 
lunged again into her pussy. "Unnnnn!"

"Oooo, yessss!" Dolores squealed, her body quivering with pleasure. She 
was creaming, her cunt-muscles tugging at his buried cock-shaft.

Having had his cock sucked, Tommy was able to control his lust. He 
eased his prick out from his mother's pussy, moaning as her cunt-
muscles pulsed against his prick-shaft.

He was determined not to blast his nuts in one fast fuck. He was going 
to make it last if it killed him. It wasn't everyday a boy got the 
chance to fuck his own mother.

"Whatta you doin'?" Dolores gasped. Fuck me!"

Tommy inched his prick into her pussy slowly, watching her hot bubbling 
cunt gobble his cock up inch by inch. He groaned, the frothy cunt-cream 
washing over his prick-shaft and burning down into his cum-filled 
balls. He stopped, his cock buried only halfway.

"Don't stop, Tommy!" Dolores wailed. She jerked her hips. "Fuck me. For 
Christ's sake, fuck me!"

Tommy was hypnotized by his mother's wriggling ass. He smoothed his 
hands over her flesh, his cock throbbing as he watched the cunt-cream 
ooze out from her pussy.

"Unnnn, Mom ... I want it to last!"

Dolores' head was spinning. "Oooooo, you teasing bastard!" she cried 
out. "You're just like your father."

She slammed back, gulping his cock into her pussy. She rolled her hips 
as a spasm rippled through her cock-stuffed pussy. She jerked forward 
then back, fucking herself as his groans filled her head.

Tommy was entranced. His mother was fucking his cock! He mauled her 
hips, watching her glide her pussy back and forth along his throbbing 
prick.

"Unnnn, Mom! It feels fantastic!"

"I know," she gasped, twisting her head to gaze hotly at her son. She 
jerked back and forth, the spasms in her pussy growing intense. "Fuck 
me, Tommy. Smash me into the damn boxes!

Tommy lunged hard, driving his prick to the root, sending his mother's 
quivering body crashing into the stack of boxes. He grunted, his groin 
fusing to her ass as he twisted his hips. He jerked back, leaving only 
the head of his prick inside her pussy.

"Do it again!" Dolores squealed. "Hard! Lemme feel it deep."

She rotated her hips, her cunt on fire. His cock, instead of putting 
out the flames, was only making her hotter.

The heat of her pussy and the pulsing muscles torturing his cock-shaft 
broke his self-restraint. He dug his fingers into her squiggling hips 
and slammed his cock to his balls. His body tensed and his prick 
thickened as his lust was unleashed.

"More, Tommy!" she screamed. "More!" She gripped the box, her body 
writhing, her hips twisting. "More!"

Mangling his mother's hips, Tommy pounded her pussy relentlessly, his 
cock skewering her mushy cunt with lightning-fast fuck-stabs. His prick 
swelled, his eyes glazed as he watched his cock slice into her 
squirming body.

"Mom," he roared. "Unnnn, Mom!"

Dolores felt her son's cock thicken and grow in her pussy. "Ooooo, 
Tommy. Harder! Faster!" She rolled her hips, his hard punching fuck-
jabs mashing her clit into the edge of the box. "Ooooo, Tommy! You're 
great!"

With his hips lunging, his cock stabbed into her pussy. His groin 
smashed into her ass, his cock being bathed in a vat of creamy cunt-
juice. He jabbed harder, the warm sticky juices squashing out over his 
swinging balls.

Judy couldn't move. She watched, her pussy contracting with each stab. 
It was as if Tommy were plowing her pussy. She pinched her clit and 
trembled, her knees growing weak. She muttered, both their voices 
bombarding her skull.

"Yessss!" Dolores hissed as her son pounded her into the box. "Ooooo, 
Tommy. Give it to me! Ram it!"

Tommy picked up speed. He slammed hard, his mother's screams urging him 
on. His chest heaved. He was fucking his mother and he was going to 
cum. It blew his mind!

"I'm gonna cum, Mom!" he roared. "Jesus, I'm gonna cum!"

"Cream me, Tommy!" Dolores wailed. "I want it all! Cream me!"

She was out of her skull. She squirmed, her knees weakening, her tits 
crushed into the rough box. Her nipples hurt and her clit was being 
destroyed by the sharp edge.

"Ooooo, Tommy. Gimme your load!"

One powerful lunge smashed his mother's body into the boxes. It mashed 
her clit and she shrieked, her head snapping up.

"Oooooo, I'm there too, Tommy. So close!"

Tommy drilled his prick in and out of her cunt, his hips a blur as his 
balls churned, the cum ready to explode.

"Cum, Mom!" he shouted. "Cum!"

"I'm cuming!" Dolores screeched. "I'm cuming!"

She went into convulsions, thrashing and twisting on the boxes. Her 
head dropped with a thud as she worked her ass in tight frenzied 
circles, her cunt-muscles milking his cock.

"Fuck me! Fuck me!"

Tommy lunged, his prick aching as if it were caught in a fiery vise of 
wet pulsing lava. "Unnnn," he groaned. He jabbed hard, his prick 
cutting through the pulsing heat of his mother's climaxing pussy. 
"Unnnn, Mom! I'm gonna cum!"

His prick exploded and hot, thick globs of jizz spurted from his 
pisser, flooding his mother's pussy. "Unnnn, I'm cumin', Mom!" he 
cried.

"Ooooo, Tommy, I feel it!" She pounded the top of the box, his 
squirting cum sending her swirling into another series of intense 
orgasms. "Fuck me! Cream me!"

Tommy plowed her pussy with all of his might. He flooded her cunt with 
his jizz, his balls churning out thick gooey wads that spurted from his 
cock-head. His legs jerked, his hips lunging, his cock spearing her 
deep as the hot cum gushed out over his swinging balls.

She battled her son, meeting his fuck-thrusts only to be driven back 
into the stack of boxes. Her knees buckled, smashed into the hard 
boxes. Each dynamite slam of his cock mangled her clit and sent another 
orgasm tearing through her pussy.

"Ooooo, Tommy! I'm cuming again!" Greased with his mother's cum and his 
own gooey jizz, Tommy cut through her mushy pussy-hole at lightning 
speed. He mauled her bucking hips, his groin fusing with her ass cheeks 
on each devastating fuck-jab.

"More, Tommy," Dolores screamed, wanting every drop of cum that was in 
her son's balls. "More!"

Tommy gave his mother what she wanted. His powerful fuck-thrusts 
pounded her twisting body. His hot cum spewed from his prick, squirting 
deep into her sizzling cunt-hole. He spread her ass, his eyes bulging 
as he watched her cunt twitch around his spearing cock-shaft.

"Unnnn, Mom. My balls ache!"

Spittle drooled from her mouth. Her clit was raw, pulsing wildly, the 
insides crammed with cock-meat and cum. She slammed back, twisting her 
hips.

"Oooooo, Tommy. Don't stop! Don't stop!"

Tommy stabbed her pussy-hole furiously, his balls just about drained. 
His legs started to shake, his strength gone. He ground to a halt, the 
last wad of jizz oozing from his pisser.

"I can't ..." he sputtered.

A shuddering convulsion swept through Dolores' pussy. She collapsed on 
the boxes, twitching as Tommy's cock began to shrink inside her cunt-
hole.

"Oooooooooooo, Tommy ... you were wonderful."

Tommy's cock slipped from her pussy and he staggered back, leaning 
against the shelves, blocking his sister's view. "You're terrific, 
Mom," he moaned as he caught his breath.

Dolores melted to the floor. She looked up at her son, a dreamy 
expression on her face. "I'm glad you liked it, Son." She pulled 
herself up. "Let's get dressed before your father comes back."

"You gonna tell him?" Tommy asked nervously.

Dolores smiled as she pulled on her shorts and top. "Yeah, but I don't 
know how he'll take it."

Tommy was about to tell her what he did with Judy, but he kept quiet. 
"Maybe you should talk to Judy first," he suggested, hoping his sister 
would tell her mother.

"I think I just might do that," Dolores said. She blew him a kiss. "You 
finish the inventory and I'll find Judy."

Tommy rubbed his crotch, his eyes glued to his mother's swinging ass as 
she walked down the aisle.

When the door closed, Judy came out from behind the shelves. "Wow, 
Tommy," she said. "I creamed my fuckin' shorts just watching you and 
Mommy!"

Tommy grinned proudly. "You better get upstairs. Mom wants to talk to 
you."

"I heard," Judy giggled, kissing her brother on the cheek. "I think 
from now on it's gonna be a lot of fun around here."

"I think you're right," Tommy said, picking up the list of stock to be 
checked.

"A real blast," Judy muttered as she hurried to the back of the store 
and the door that led to the apartment upstairs. "A real blast!"



Chapter 7


Judy found her mother in the bedroom. She stopped at the door, her 
heart pounding. "Hi, Mommy," Judy said.

Dolores smiled at her daughter. "I think we have a few things to talk 
about, honey."

Judy giggled and joined her mother on the bed. "I'll bet it's about 
what you just did with Tommy."

Dolores' face lit up with surprise. "You know?"

"I was watching," Judy said, licking her lips. "I saw the whole thing."

"Well, I've seen a few things too," Dolores said, "like watching you 
fucking your father in the stockroom this afternoon."

Now it was Judy's turn to be surprised. "You ... you were watching?"

"I sure was, honey," her mother said. "Why do you think I let Tommy 
fuck me?"

Judy giggled. "He was supposed to seduce you."

Dolores laughed. "I bet it was all your idea."

Judy nodded her head. "I figured if Tommy seduced you, maybe we could 
all have fun together."

"Now that's an idea I can get off on," Dolores said.

The phone rang and Dolores reached over and picked it up. "Okay," she 
said, nodding. She hung up. "Your father's home. He's downstairs with 
Tommy doing inventory."

"Why don't we got down there and fuck their brains out?" Judy giggled.

"I was just going to make the same suggestion." She jumped off the bed. 
"I can just see your father's face when I tell him I made it with 
Tommy."

"Will he get mad?" Judy asked, hoping he wouldn't. She didn't want the 
family to fight.

"How can he get mad?" Dolores asked as they left the bedroom. "He 
fucked you, didn't he?"

"He sure did," Judy sighed, remembering how it had felt to have his 
cock jabbing into her pussy. "I can't wait until he does it again."

"Then let's get the hell downstairs and get things started!"

Darin glanced up as he saw Dolores and Judy coming down the aisle. He 
heaved a sigh, his eyes darting from his sexy daughter to his luscious 
wife.

"What are you two doing down here? Tommy and I can handle it."

"For what we've got planned," Dolores said, "you'll need both of us."

Darin's eyebrows raised as Tommy joined him. "Whatta you talking 
about?"

Judy winked at her brother. Her pussy was dripping and her flesh 
tingled. If things worked out she was sure this was going to be the 
best night of her life.

"It seems," Dolores began to explain, "that we've all been fuckin' 
around with each other and it's time it all came out in the open." She 
looked directly at her husband.

Darin gulped, stealing a quick glance at his smiling daughter. He was 
caught and he knew it, but for some reason it didn't matter. "And?"

"We're all gonna make it together," Judy blurted out. She ran into her 
father's arms. "Mommy's not mad, Daddy. Tommy fucked her while you were 
out."

Darin's face broke out into a wide, horny grin. There was no reason to 
be mad now. "How was she, Tommy?" he asked, holding his daughter in his 
arms.

"Great, Dad," Tommy said, his face flushing for a second.

"I think we ought to have a family sex party," Dolores suggested. 
"Anyone disagree?"

Judy came out of her father's arms and looked at her mother. "As long 
as it starts off with you and me making it together," she said to 
Dolores, her blue eyes glowing. "We're the only ones who haven't done 
anything together yet."

"Then let's get started," Dolores said, taking her daughter's hand. 
"We're goin' up to bed. If you guys wanna watch, c'mon."

Darin and Tommy didn't need a second invitation. Eagerly, they followed 
Judy and Dolores up the stairs to their apartment.

Judy stood in the bedroom, her blue eyes devouring her mother. "Oooo, 
Mommy," she sighed as her mother came to her. "I'm so excited.

"So am I, honey," Dolores purred.

She fondled her daughter's tits through her skimpy top as Darin and 
Tommy got comfortable on the two plush chairs near the bed. She 
squeezed her daughter's tits.

"When I saw your ass humping up and down on your father's cock, it made 
me crazy!" Dolores said.

Judy sighed as her mother's kneading hands swelled her nipples. She 
brought her hands to her mother's halter and tore it away, baring her 
large succulent tits.

"Let's get on the bed, Mommy," Judy said.

Dolores gasped and climbed on the bed, her eyes on Judy. "Take off my 
shorts, honey."

Trembling, Judy leaned over and pulled off her mother's shorts, baring 
her thick blonde-haired pussy. "Your cunt is gorgeous, Mom!"

"I'm glad you like it," Dolores purred. "You can suck it for me."

Judy drooled, her mouth watering. She forgot about her father and 
brother and tore off her clothes. Then she climbed onto the bed, her 
eyes sweeping over her mother's naked flesh. "You look so delicious."

Dolores writhed on her back as she feasted her eyes on her naked child. 
"Lemme taste you first, Judy," she sighed. "Lemme taste your sweet 
pussy."

"When I'm done with you, Mommy," Judy moaned. She straddled one of her 
mother's legs and slid her pussy over the smooth skin. "Ummmm, I'm 
gonna cream all over you and then I'm gonna suck out your cunt."

The heat of her daughter's pussy on her leg sent hot flashes through 
Dolores' body. She glanced over at an entranced Darin and Tommy.

"This ought to get you guys creaming in your pants," she said as she 
turned her attention back to her teenaged daughter. "Cream me, honey 
... then suck my pussy."

Judy shivered as she pressed her hot oozing pussy into her mother's 
leg. She moaned, dragging her pussy along her mother's calf until her 
ass banged against her foot.

"Ooooo ... I'm gonna fuck your foot."

"Honey," Dolores moaned as she leered at her daughter, "go ahead." She 
wiggled her toes as Judy lifted her pussy from her ankle.

Quivering, her pussy on fire, Judy grabbed her mother's foot and jabbed 
her cunt down on her toes. "Un-nnn, Mommy," she gasped, rolling her 
hips. "Unnnn. I feel your toes wiggling in my pussy."

Darin and Tommy watched as Judy went insane on her mother's foot. Both 
men's pricks began to throb and grow.

Judy bounced up and down, her small tits jiggling. "Ummmmm, Mommy!" she 
cried as she rotated her hips, her cunt stuffed with her mother's foot.

"C'mon, honey. I need your mouth on my cunt."

Judy toppled off her mother's foot and dragged her cunt up her mother's 
leg, her eyes glued to her mother's red gaping pussy. A drunken smile 
spread across Judy's face as she creamed her mother's thigh.

"When I'm ready," the girl gasped.

"You're a teasing little bitch," Dolores moaned. She reached for her 
daughter's tits, mauling them in her hands as Judy straddled her hips.

"Ewwww, Mommy," Judy panted, her cunt greasing her mother's stomach 
with cunt-cream. "Pull 'em! Squeeze 'em!"

As Judy slid her cunt up her mother's body to her mammoth tit globes, 
Dolores pawed and mangled the girl's tits. "Lemme lick you," Dolores 
rasped. "Gimme your pussy."

"You want my pussy in your mouth?" she moaned, grabbing one of her 
mother's tits and rubbing the swollen nipple into her cunt. "Mmmm, I'm 
fuckin' your tit!" Judy giggled lewdly. "I'm creamin' it."

Dolores twisted Judy's tits in her hands. "Gimme your pussy."

Judy was out of her mind. She squirmed her hips, her cunt drenching 
both of her mother's large, flopping tits.

"Say please," the girl giggled. "Say please and maybe I'll give it to 
you."

"Please," Dolores gasped. Her body was on fire and she wanted the 
juices from her daughter's cunt. "Gimme, honey. Gimme your pussy."

"Should I, Daddy?" Judy purred as she straddled her mother's face, her 
cunt only inches from Dolores' mouth.

"Let her suck you," Darin said huskily. "Give her your cunt, Judy."

"Whatever you say, Daddy."

Suddenly Judy brought her hot, sizzling pussy to her mother's lips and 
gasped as her mother's tongue darted into her pussy-hole.

"Ooooo, Mommy!"

Dolores grabbed her daughter's twisting hips and plastered her mouth to 
Judy's pussy. She sucked deep, the hot buttery pussy-cream flowing over 
face. Dolores moaned, her tongue flicking out and into the steamy gash 
of her daughter's pussy.

Judy ground her cunt into her mother's face. "Ooooo, suck out my pussy-
hole," she squealed. "Bite me. Ummmm, make me cum on your mouth!"

Tommy leered at his mother lying naked on the bed, her legs spread and 
her cunt wet and inviting. He tore off his clothes and climbed on the 
bed, his mouth watering as he fused it to Dolores' cunt-gash. He 
sucked, groaning as the sweet-tasting juice of his mother's pussy 
filled his mouth.

Dolores bucked against her son's mouth. She twisted her hips, her cunt 
grinding into his face. She skimmed her hands around her daughter's 
rolling hips and began kneading the firm ripe meat of Judy's ass.

"Ummmm, Mommy!" Judy squealed. "Bite my clit. Make me cum!" She leaned 
forward, her pussy mashed against her mother's mouth. "Bite me!"

Dolores was going crazy. Sucking her daughter and being sucked by her 
son was heaven. She latched her teeth into her daughter's clit and 
sucked hard. At the same time she moaned as Tommy's tongue plunged deep 
into her pussy.

Judy crashed against the wall, her arms stretching, her nails clawing. 
"Ooooooooo, Mommy. Bite me harder. I'm gonna cum!" She churned her 
hips, her face flush with the wall, her mouth drooling.

Dolores sank her teeth into her daughter's blood-filled clit and 
slashed her tongue over the tip. The woman sucked hard, her hips 
constantly churning, her cunt mashed against her son's mouth.

"I'm cumin'!" Judy wailed as she bucked against her mother's mouth. 
"Ooooo, I'm cumin'!"

Darin sat on the chair, hypnotized by the fuck-action on the bed. His 
cock throbbed in his pants, his balls aching painfully.

"Cream her, Judy," he groaned. "Cream!"

From glassy eyes, Judy leered at her father. "Oooo, I am, Daddy!" she 
cried out. "I'm cumin' all over her face." She rotated her hips, her 
climaxing cunt squashing against her mother's mouth. "Ooooo, bite! 
Suck!"

With her hips rotating and her cunt plastered to Tommy's mouth, Dolores 
devastated her daughter's clit. She sucked hard and chewed even harder, 
her nails clawing at Judy's jiggling ass, her fingertips raking through 
the girl's crack and over her wrinkled asshole. Cum flowed into 
Dolores' mouth and throat and she gurgled on the sticky juices as Judy 
screamed and twisted wildly on her face.

"Aghhhh!" Judy screamed. She swayed, grabbed the headboard to keep from 
falling. "Bite, Mommy! Bite hard!"

Dolores gnawed on her daughter's pulsing clit, her own hips bucking and 
twisting against Tommy's mouth. She sucked, her nails scratching at 
Judy's shitter as she beat her tongue over her clit and felt her child 
go into spasm.

"Ahhhhhhhh!" Judy shuddered, the room spinning as she lost her balance. 
"Mommy!"

She fell back off her mother's face and tumbled to the bed. She began 
to twitch, the inside of her cunt still sizzling.

"Suck, Tommy," Dolores moaned. "Suck out my cunt!" She banged her pussy 
into her son's face as she twisted and churned on her back.

Catching her breath, Judy sat up. Her glowing blue eyes stared at her 
brother, watching him sucking wildly on their mother's cunt.

"No!" she screamed. "I want her pussy!"

Like an alleycat, Judy shoved her brother away from their mother's hot, 
oozing pussy.

She was breathing hard, her eyes glued to the glistening red gash of 
her mother's pussy.

"Oooooo, Mommy," she moaned. "I wanna eat you so bad."

Dolores began to tremble. "Eat me, honey!" she gasped, her hips 
writhing as her large, milky tits flopped. "Eat me off!" She reached 
for her son. "You chew on my tits."

"Not yet, Mommy," Judy gasped. "First I want your ass." With passion 
driving her on, Judy rolled her quivering mother onto her stomach. 
"Ummmm, it looks so good."

Dolores squirmed on her stomach, her tits crushed beneath her. "Christ, 
Judy," she gasped, "use your fuckin' mouth."

"Suck her ass," Darin rasped.

"I will," Judy moaned. Her head was spinning as she gazed hotly at her 
mother's ass. She brought her nails to the creamy cheeks and raked them 
down Dolores' smooth skin. The girl did it again and again, making her 
mother moan and squirm.

"You little bitch," Dolores squealed, loving every second of her 
daughter's torture. "Ewwwww, I'll pay you back."

Drooling, Judy flung herself at her mother, plastering her mouth to one 
of Dolores' ripe ass cheeks. Judy sank her teeth into the soft tender 
meat and sucked. Slobber oozed from her lips as she moved her mouth 
frantically over the hot flesh, chewing and sucking until the claw-
marked skin was blotchy with passion bites.

"Ooooo, Christ," Dolores gasped as she twisted on her stomach. "The 
little bitch is chewing me alive." She jerked back, slamming her ass at 
Judy's face.

Judy gurgled on the spit trapped in her throat. Moaning, she attacked 
her mother's other ass cheek. With her mother screaming and her father 
and brother watching, Judy spread the red blotchy cheeks of her ass and 
maniacally stared at the vulnerable asshole. She fused her mouth to her 
crack and chewed the tender meat around the wrinkled crack until her 
mother's screams filled the bedroom.

"Tongue my ass," Dolores shrieked as she twisted on her stomach. 
"Tongue-fuck me!" She jammed her ass back at her daughter's face and 
moaned.

With spittle drooling from her lips, Judy soaked her mother's asshole. 
She plunged her tongue in deep, teasing at the tight walls of Dolores' 
shitter. She sucked hard, her fingers scratching her mother's jerking 
hips as she worked them under her mother's thrashing body.

"Oooo, honey!" Dolores screamed. "I love it!" She twisted on the bed, 
her hips rotating, her tits mangled beneath her. "Pinch my clit! 
Scratch it!"

With her audience enthralled, Judy pinched and scratched her mother's 
clit. She kept her tongue buried in Dolores' ass, her mother's slapping 
cheeks crashing against Judy's face.

Tommy gawked at his mother. His prick was throbbing and he swallowed 
the lump of passion that clogged his throat.

"Suck her cunt, Judy. Suck her off so I can fuck her asshole!"

Hearing this, Judy pulled her face away from her mother's ass. Her eyes 
were gazed as she watched Dolores throw herself over on her back.

"Did you hear that, Mommy?"

Dolores was out of her skull. She nodded and reached for her son's 
prick to stroke it. "Yessss," she hissed, feeling his prick throbbing 
in her hand. "Get me off so I can have his cock in my ass."

Judy continued to pinch her mother's clit as she looked at her father. 
"Will you fuck me up the ass, Daddy?" she gasped.

"I've got other plans for you, baby," he groaned. "Take care of your 
mother."

Judy didn't know what he meant, but it made her swoon with 
anticipation. She dropped between her mother's juice-stained thighs and 
chewed her way viciously toward the hot, steamy gash of Dolores' cunt. 
The heady scent of her mother's cunt was making her dizzy as she chewed 
closer and closer to the puffy folds of her mother's pussy-hole.

"Eat me!" Dolores wailed. "Ooooooooo, God ... eat me so Tommy can fuck 
my ass!"

Judy glued her mouth to her mother's pussy. One deep suck brought all 
the puffy meat of Dolores' cunt into her mouth. She chewed and sucked, 
the warm, creamy pussy-juices flowing over her face and into her hungry 
mouth.

Dolores humped wildly on the bed grinding her cunt into Judy's face. 
"Ooooo, honey," she moaned. "Ooooo, harder! Chew me up!"

Judy skimmed her hands under her mother's humping ass and began 
scratching at her jiggling flesh. She gobbled on her cunt, her tongue 
plunging into the scalding depths of her pussy. Hot pussy-muscles 
pulsed against Judy's tongue as she tormented the wet cushiony walls of 
her mother's cunt.

"Yessss, honey!" Dolores wailed, twisting her hips while she twisted 
her son's cock. "Chew my tits, Tommy. Bite 'em hard and suck 'em!"

As she ground her cunt into her daughter's face, Dolores brought her 
hands to her own flopping tits, offering them to her sex-crazy son.

Tommy threw himself at his mother, his mouth clamping on to one large, 
swollen nipple. He sucked it hard, his tongue beating across its hard, 
pointed tip. He gnawed the nipple with his teeth, his wet, hungry mouth 
working over the soft sensitive meat of her pliant tit.

Darin was in a trance as he watched his family on the bed. "Jesus 
Christ," he mumbled, his eyes darting from his daughter to his son. 
"Christ!" He rubbed his crotch, his wife's twisting body and shrieking 
moans bombarding his senses.

Dolores went insane under the attack of her children's mouths. She 
thrashed on her back, her glazed eyes fixed on the ceiling. She ground 
her cunt into Judy's mouth and crushed her son's face into the pulpy 
meat of her tits.

"Oooo, Darin, this is heaven! I'm goin' crazy!"

Judy lifted her head for a moment. "Bite her tits off," she moaned. 
"Bite her tits and I'll make her cum!" Juice stained her face, the 
filmy cream making her lips glisten.

Dolores lunged up, her hips twisting, her cunt on fire. "Eat me! Eat 
me!"

Judy thrust her face back between her mother's legs and sucked on her 
cunt. Juice flowed and she savored the sweet taste, her tongue flashing 
out and into her scalding hot cunt-gash. She tongued deep, trembling as 
the greedy cunt-muscles tried to pull her tongue out by the root.

"Yessss!" Dolores screamed. "Now bite me! Bite my clit and get me off!"

She went wild, her shoulders wrenching, her son's torturing mouth 
destroying her tits. She humped her cunt against Judy's mouth, the 
insides of her pussy ready to explode.

"Cum," Darin howled. "Cream, Dolores. Cream!"

While his mother thrashed on her back, Tommy gobbled on her tits. He 
chewed and sucked, her flesh red and blotchy from his aggressive mouth. 
His cock was throbbing, his nuts churning as his mind spun with the 
pleasure of having his mother's asshole after his sister was finished 
eating out her cunt.

Judy clawed her mother's ass, her fingers raking the sensitive crack. 
She plunged two fingers into her asshole and twisted them as her mother 
howled and banged her cunt into her face. Her mouth sucked on the 
sensitive meat of her mother's pussy as she thrashed on her back. She 
chewed and tongued, bringing her mother closer to blowing her mind.

Dolores was in bliss. She grabbed Tommy's cock as he mangled and chewed 
her tits. She squeezed it and swooned. It would soon be plowing her 
asshole!

"Bite me, Judy! Make me cum!" Her hips were a blur as she lashed her 
cunt into her daughter's face. "Ooooo, bite it off!"

Judy sucked her mother's clit into her mouth and clamped her teeth into 
the pulsing piece of flesh. She held it tight, slashing her tongue over 
the tip like a whip. Judy's face was mashed against Dolores' pussy, the 
cream flowing. She sucked hard, her mother's high-pitched wails telling 
her she was ready.

"I'm cuming," Dolores screeched as her children gobbled hungrily on her 
body. "Oooo, I'm creamin'! Ahhhhh!"

The insides of Dolores' cunt exploded. The spongy walls of her pussy 
began to contract and the hot gooey cunt-cum gushed from the hole and 
saturated her daughter's face. She slammed her pussy against her mouth 
and twisted her hips.

"Ahhhhh ... I'm cuming, Judy. Suck me! Bite me!"

Hearing his mother scream, Tommy almost blasted his nuts. He sank his 
teeth into one nipple, his hips jerking his cock through his mother's 
fist. He shook his head, almost tearing her nipple from her jiggling 
flesh.

Dolores bucked and thrashed on her back. With her free arm, she grabbed 
her son's head and mashed it into her tits. She humped her hips, her 
ass thumping on the bed as her daughter chewed and sucked on her clit.

"Oooo, I'm cuming, Darin. I'm creamin' our daughter!" Dolores' head 
jerked from side to side, her face red with lust. Spittle drooled from 
her panting mouth as her body contorted wildly on the bed. "Oooooo, 
it's fabulous!"

Judy chomped on her mother's cunt, the hot syrupy cum flowing over her 
face and into her mouth. She swallowed, her mother's pussy-cum making 
her dizzy. Her fingers gouged at the tight walls of her mother's 
asshole as her teeth gnawed on her clit. The double action, coupled 
with Tommy's snipping teeth, kept their mother reeling.

Wave after wave of intense orgasms swept through Dolores' body. She 
convulsed on the bed, the pleasure of her children's greedy mouths 
driving her insane. She arched her back and swiveled her hips.

"Ooooo, more fingers, Judy! Stretch it for Tommy's cock!"

Judy nipped roughly on her mother's clit and plunged two more fingers 
into her asshole, twisting them viciously inside her mother's thrashing 
body. Her nails raked the sensitive walls of Dolores' asshole as her 
teeth gnawed and turned her mother's clit into a piece of raw, pulsing 
meat.

"Yesssss!" Dolores shrieked as she bucked and churned on the bed.

She stiffened, her legs lifting as her ass pounded the bed. She ground 
her cunt into Judy's mouth and smothered her son in her fleshy tits. 
Her thighs closed, trapping Judy's head as she bucked her cunt into her 
face.

Judy's face was fused to her mother's cunt. She chewed, her head 
snapping from side to side as her mother shuddered then collapsed back 
on the bed. One last vicious suck triggered a scream and a spasm in her 
mother's quaking body.

Judy then lifted her head, a dreamy smile on her cum-stained face as 
she popped her fingers from her mother's ass. "Ooooo, Mommy," she 
panted, licking her lips. "You ready for Tommy?"

Bringing her trembling body under control, Dolores released her son's 
head and his throbbing cock. "I'm always ready," she gasped. "Always."



Chapter 8


Judy scrambled off the bed. "Go to it, Tommy. Ream her fuckin' 
asshole." She dropped to her knees in front of her father and hauled 
out his cock.

Dolores leered at her son's prick. A lump clogged her throat. She 
touched his cock, caressing it with the tip of her fingers.

"Your cock is gonna feel so good up my ass, Tommy," she sighed as the 
trembling spasms finally left her body. "So damn fuckin' good."

Tommy moaned, his prick aching. "Get on your knees, Mom."

Dolores stretched, bringing her mouth to her son's cock. She flashed 
out her tongue and slobbered her spit over his balls.

"I'm gonna get your cock nice and wet first," she moaned. She drenched 
his balls then brought her eager lips to his prick.

"Unnnn, Mom," Tommy moaned as her hot mouth saturated his throbbing 
prick with spit. "Unnnnn, Christ!"

With her son's prick soaked, Dolores rolled over onto her stomach. She 
hummed, imagining how her son's cock would feel stuffed up her ass. She 
writhed, her hips rolling and her ass jiggling.

Tommy crawled between his mother's outstretched legs and gazed hotly at 
her squirming ass. "Get on your knees, Mom," he groaned again, his 
prick jutting out from his tight groin, throbbing like a toothache. 
"Lemme stick it in you."

"C'mon, Mommy," Judy urged as she fondled her father's cock. "Let him 
fuck you."

Dolores hauled herself up on her hands and knees, her huge tits swaying 
beneath her. "Gimme, Tommy. Gimme your cock."

Tommy groaned as he grabbed the flesh of her full hips. He kneaded the 
smooth silky skin, his fingers digging into the firm cheeks of her 
gorgeous ass.

"Unnnn, Mom, this is gonna be fantastic."

"I know," Dolores gasped. "Stick it in nice and slow so I can feel 
every inch." She rocked back and forth, her asshole twitching for her 
son's cock.

Tommy parted the cheeks of his mother's ass, his eyes bulging as he 
stared at the wrinkled brown crack of her asshole. He grabbed the base 
of his cock and dragged it up through her hot bubbling pussy, coating 
the bloated head with sticky cuntjuice.

The contact made Dolores shudder. "Oooo, Tommy. Gimme an enema." She 
began to twitch, her body hungry for her son's cock.

With his cockhead drenched in pussy-cream Tommy pressed the head of his 
prick against the wrinkled crack of his mother's asshole. He pushed, 
her ass quickly gobbling up the head of his cock. He groaned as her 
hot, tight asshole muscles clamped around his prick.

"It's tight," the boy groaned.

Dolores twisted her head and looked at her husband. "You like seeing 
our son fuck my ass, Darin?"

Darin grunted, his head nodding. "I never thought I would," he said, 
his voice husky as Judy fondled his cock. "But, Christ ... it's a 
fantastic turn on."

Tommy caressed his mother's ass, his eyes glued to her beautiful body. 
He inched the head of his cock into her hot tight ass, stopping when it 
was only half-buried.

"Jesus, Mom," he groaned, seeing his cock stuffed up her asshole. He 
swayed and lunged, driving the rest of his prick into her ass.

Dolores shuddered, her ass stuffed with her son's cock. "Oooo, Tommy. 
Don't move. Let me enjoy it." She rocked on her hands and knees, her 
asshole muscles massaging his buried cockshaft. "Mmmmmm, I love it!"

Judy gasped, her fingers clenching her father's cock. "I want it that 
way too, Daddy," she sighed, her bright blue eyes glazed with desire as 
she stared at her father. "I want my asshole reamed too."

"You'll get more than that," Darin said vaguely, his eyes riveted on 
his wife and son.

Tommy's groin was flush with the cheeks of his mother's ass, his cock 
buried to the root. Her ass muscles massaged his buried shaft and his 
balls rumbled.

"Unnnn, Mom. I can feel your ass twitchin'."

Dolores swooned. "I can feel your cock throbbin' up in my gut." She 
rocked forward then back, savoring her son's cock. "Take it out and 
slam it back."

Tommy obeyed willingly. He eased his prick out until only the head was 
still buried inside her tight ass. Gripping her hips, he lunged 
forward, driving his cock balls-deep into his mother's ass. When his 
groin whacked into her ass, he grunted, his fingers sinking into the 
pliant meat of her wiggling hips.

"Ahhhh!" Dolores wailed as his cock filled her asshole. She shivered 
with joy, her head dropping then snapping up with a jerk. "Again, my 
handsome young fucker! Again!"

Tommy grinned maliciously and dragged his cock from the vise-like grip 
of her ass. He drilled it back, groaning as her greedy ass gobbled him 
up. "Like that?"

"Yeahhhh," Dolores squealed.

He gripped her swiveling hips and repeated the long, slow devastating 
attack on his mother's ass. Her whimpering moans and trembling body 
told him he was pleasing her and the knowledge blew his mind.

"It's torture!" Dolores gasped, wallowing in the long penetrating stabs 
of her son's cock. "Beautiful torture!" She worked her hips in a slow 
tormenting circle, her ass cheeks jiggling each time Tommy's groin 
slammed into her.

"Ooooo, keep it slow, Tommy. It's heaven."

Judy, holding her father's cock, was mesmerized by what was happening 
on the bed. Her own asshole began to twitch as she rubbed and squeezed 
her father's cock.

"Oooo, do I wanna get fucked in my ass," she whimpered. "I know I'll 
love it just like Mommy does."

Tommy continued to spear his mother's ass with long, demanding stabs. 
From the tip of his prick to his balls, he sliced into her asshole. His 
balls ached, the cum churning and rumbling. He groaned, watching her 
ass rock on his cock as he stabbed her.

"Unnnn, oh, Mom!"

"It feels so good, Tommy," Dolores gasped. "So fuckin' good. Go deeper. 
Deeper, Tommy!" Her hips rolled and she slammed back at him, skewering 
her own ass with his prick. "Ahhhh!"

Tommy jerked back and stopped moving. His cockhead was the only thing 
inside her ass. He stretched her ass cheeks apart then drilled his 
prick to the root. His hips jerked from side to side, the head of his 
cock gouging at the tight, gripping walls of her asshole.

"You like this?" he panted.

"Yessss," she hissed, her eyes bulging as his cock skewered her ass. "I 
love it!"

With his cock swelling to the point of bursting, Tommy eased it out. 
"Ride it, Mom. Lemme watch." He waited, his body tense, his prick 
throbbing. "Fuck my cock!"

Gurgling on her own spit, Dolores slammed back at her son, impaling 
herself on his hard, meaty cock. She rolled her hips and used her ass-
muscles on his cockshaft as she rocked back and forth on his prick.

"Oooooo, Darin. His cock is wonderful."

Darin grabbed his daughter's hair and slammed her face down on his 
prick. With his eyes glued to his wife, he pounded Judy's face, his 
prick stabbing in and out of her mouth.

"Fuck her, Son. Fuck the shit out of her."

Judy couldn't watch. Her mouth was stuffed with her father's cock. All 
she could do was suck and listen to her mother's moans and her 
brother's grunts.

Dolores fucked herself blindly on her son's prick. Back and forth she 
rocked, her ass gobbling on his cockmeat, her milking his prickshaft 
and rumbling the cum in his nuts.

"Faster, Mom," Tommy roared as he remained rigid, his hands gripping 
her hips. "Ride it faster!" For a second, he glanced over at his 
father. "It's great, Dad. Christ, is it great!"

Dolores squirmed on her hands and knees. She crashed back into her son, 
her ass stuffed as her jiggling asscheeks smashed into his groin. She 
picked up speed, her ass gliding rapidly up and down the length of her 
son's ass-stuffing cock.

"Fuck me! Fuck me, Tommy," she begged.

Dolores began to tremble. Tommy wasn't moving. She lunged back, her 
hips jerking, her ass pulsing against his cock.

"Oooo, God, Tommy. Fuck me! Split me open!"

Tommy's chest swelled. The power he commanded over his mother made his 
prick thicken inside her ass. He stabbed her hard, driving his prick in 
to the root. He kept the pace slow, drilling her ass with the same 
measured strokes he had used before. Long, punishing fuck-stabs, from 
the tip of his prick to the thick base, had his mother wailing and 
begging for more.

"Faster, Tommy!" his mother begged. "Faster!" She slammed back into 
him, her tits swinging beneath her. Her head snapping around, she 
begged, "Fuck me, Tommy. I can't stand the torture!"

Tommy lunged hard, picking up the pace as he shortened his fuck-
strokes. "Is this what you want, Mom?"

"Yeahhhhh," she squealed. "Ooooooooo, yeahhhhhh ... just like that!"

"You got it, Mom," he grunted, pounding his prick into her ass.

Saliva dribbled from her lips and her eyes dilated. Her hips jerked 
frantically as she met each lunge. "Ooooo, it's so deep. So nice and 
deep!"

With his prick stuffed in to his balls, he ground his groin into her 
ass, his prick throbbing violently inside her tight ass canal. He 
stared down at her twitching asscrack and pulled back. Slamming 
forward, he watched her ass hungrily swallow up his prick.

"Fuck me!" Dolores wailed, "Fuck me!" Her body bucked wildly as she 
rolled her hips, absorbing his quick, punching fuck-stabs. She jammed 
her ass on his prick, her head dropping, her glazed eyes fascinated 
with her own swinging tits.

"Make me cum, Tommy. Fuck me faster!"

Mauling her fleshy hips, Tommy pounded his mother's ass with hard 
lunging stabs. His groin was like cement, crashing into the creamy 
cheeks of her ass with each plunging jab.

"Unnnn, Mom. Your ass is fantastic!"

Dolores crashed forward, her face smashing into the bed. She clawed her 
nails under her twitching body and pinched her clit. Cuntjuice flowed 
over her fingers as she mutilated her own clit.

"Oooooo, I'm gonna cream, Tommy! It feels ... so good! Drive your cock 
up into my belly!"

"Cream, Mom!" Tommy shouted. "Cream while I fuck you!"

The pleasure from his drilling cock and the pain she was inflicting on 
her clit brought Dolores to the peak. "Oh! Oh! Oh! I'm there! I'm 
there!"

Humping his daughter's mouth with quick lunging fuck-thrusts, Darin 
watched his wife and son. "Cum, Dolores. Fuck her, Tommy! Fuck the hell 
out of her!"

Judy could only hear, and their voices were driving her crazy. She 
gurgled on her father's prick, wanting him to cream her mouth at the 
same time Tommy creamed their mother's asshole. She sucked and used her 
teeth, feeling his cock throbbing and swelling in her throat.

"Cum!" Tommy roared as he lashed his prick in and out of his mother's 
ass. "Cum!"

Dolores bucked her hips, her ass perched high, her face smashed into 
the bed. She squealed as Tommy pounded her asshole with his cock. She 
shoved her ass back, taking his prick deep into her ass as she pinched 
and scratched her pulsing clit.

"Ahhhhh, I'm cuming, Tommy! Fuck me! Fuck me! I'm cummmming!"

As Tommy lunged his prick into her ass, orgasms bombarded her. She 
wallowed in the brutal stabs of her son's cock. Pussy-muscles 
contracted, the hot, buttery cuntcum gushing from her empty pussyhole 
as she used her ass-muscles to milk her son's plunging prick.

"Ohhh, I'm cuming. Cuming ..."

Savagely, Tommy speared his mother's asshole. He leered at her twisting 
hips and jerking ass. He plunged deep with feverish fuck-stabs, his own 
cock ready to explode.

"Unnnn, Mom," he roared as he drilled her tight asshole with one brutal 
stab after another. "Unnn, Mom ... I'm getting ready!"

"Cum, Son," Dolores shrieked. "Fill my asshole!"

Her muscles stiffened as another wave of orgasms swept through her 
body. She quivered, the violent eruptions in her cunt driving her 
insane. She pulled on her clit, the hot creamy cum flowing out over her 
fingers.

"Cum! Cum!"

Tommy hacked away at his mother's ass as his father speared Judy's 
throat with his cock. He felt his load of cum rumble in his balls. He 
plowed her asshole, his speed blinding, his jabs violent and demanding.

"Aghhhhh ... I'm ready! I'm gonna cream your ass, Mom!"

His balls erupted and his cock spewed out thick wads of white-hot jizz. 
It spurted into her tightly gripping asshole.

"I'm cuming. I'm cuming," he bellowed, his hips a blur as he drilled 
her ass. "I'm cuming!"

"Oooo, God, I feel it, Tommy! I feel it!" Dolores cried as she went 
into spasms as the hot jet streams of her son's cum filled her asshole. 
"Fuck me. Faster, Tommy. Cream me!" The hot cum squirting into her ass 
triggered another explosive orgasm in her empty cunt. "Ahhhhh ... I'm 
cuming again!"

With his mother's asshole pulsing rapidly around his drilling cock, 
Tommy lunged hard, his prick spurting out thick gooey wads as his groin 
smashed into her ass.

"I am, Mom!" he shouted. "I'm creaming my fuckin' brains out!"

With Tommy flooding his mother's asshole with cum, Darin emptied his 
load of jizz into his daughter's mouth.

"Unnnn, suck it, Judy. Suck out my balls!" he spat.

Listening to her mother and brother howl, Judy gagged on her father's 
cum, gulping it down as fast as she could. She sucked and used her 
teeth, the cum gushing from her lips and down her chin as her father 
rammed her mouth with his cock.

Dolores shouted at the top of her lungs. She stared from glazed eyes 
and saw Judy sucking on Darin's cock. It sent her swirling into another 
orgasm.

"Ooooo, here I cum again!" she screamed.

Tommy plowed her ass, his cum greasing her asshole for faster action. 
He cut through her cum-filled hole, pounding her mercilessly with 
powerful fuck-jabs. His head was spinning. He could hear his father 
yelling and he looked over for a second to watch as his father creamed 
his sister's mouth.

"Drown her, Dad," Tommy yelled as he pounded his mother's ass. "Drown 
her!"

Dolores battled with her son on the bed. She felt his cock rip into her 
ass. She gurgled, her body convulsing. She rolled her hips, her ass 
gulping at her son's prick as he squirted cum into her stomach.

"More, Tommy. More!" Dolores cried.

Tommy gave her everything he had. He drilled her ass as she screeched 
and her husband roared. "Yeahhhh!" he shouted, adding to the frenzied 
noise in the bedroom.

"Yeahhh!"

Dolores went limp, her body trembling. She released her clit and began 
clawing at the sheets. "Tommy! Tommy!" she cried, her mouth open as she 
shuddered and her eyes rolled into her skull.

Tommy emptied the last of his cum in his mother's ass at the same time 
his father emptied his balls in Judy's mouth. Tommy jerked hard, a drop 
oozing from his pisser as he yanked his cock from her ass. He grunted, 
falling back on the bed, his prick spent and his strength drained.

"God!" he gasped.

Dolores melted to the bed, cum oozing from her ass. She caught her 
breath, watching as Judy finished off her father. "God, whatta night," 
she moaned. "Whatta fuckin' night."

Having sucked the last of her father's cum from his balls, Judy popped 
her mouth off his cock. Cum dribbled from her lips as she turned her 
attention to her mother. Like an animal, she jumped on the bed and 
sucked out her mother's ass until every drop of Tommy's cum was in her 
stomach.

"Now," Judy moaned, lifting her face from her mother's ass. "What 
surprise do you have for me, Daddy?"

Darin groaned and smiled. "First, we'll have something to eat to get 
back our strength. Then you'll get your surprise."

Judy leaped off the bed and grabbed her father's hand. "We'll make the 
sandwiches while they rest," she said, tugging on her father's hand 
they left, leaving Tommy and Dolores on the bed.



Chapter 9


Judy ran up the stairs to the bedroom, her plump tits bouncing and her 
ass jiggling. She glanced back over her shoulder and saw her father and 
brother staring at her ass.

"C'mon," she said. "Let's get back to bed."

Darin ogled his daughter as she stood brazenly at the top of the 
stairs, her slender legs spread and her hands on her hips.

"We're coming," he said.

Judy giggled and spun around, running into the bedroom. She threw 
herself on the bed and waited.

"What's the surprise, Daddy?" she cooed as Darin came in the room with 
Tommy. "My pussy is itching!" She writhed on her back, her legs wide 
apart and her cunt displayed for their horny gazes. "Tell me!"

Darin climbed on the bed with his daughter and mauled her flesh with 
his hands. "I'm gonna fuck your ass, baby."

"Oooo, Daddy ... I wanted you to do that. That's no surprise."

Tommy climbed on the bed, his hands kneading his sister's body. He 
pawed her tits then brought one hand to her snatch, his fingers delving 
into the steamy gash.

"Ooooo, Tommy," Judy moaned as she wildly humped her hips. "Ummmm."

"The surprise part," Darin said as he leaned over her face, "is that 
I'm gonna fuck your ass while Tommy fucks your pussy."

"Ooooo, God, Daddy," Judy gasped as she grabbed his prick. "It sounds 
fantastic!"

"Suck it, baby," Darin rasped as he jerked his prick through his 
daughter's fist. "Get it nice and hard for your virgin asshole."

With Tommy finger-fucking her pussy, Judy pulled her father's cock to 
her eager mouth. She sucked it between her lips and stroked his 
cockshaft with her hand. She moaned as the head of his cock clogged her 
throat.

Tommy crawled up to his sister's face. "Me too, Sis," he groaned. "I 
wanna get sucked too."

Judy pulled her mouth off her father's cock and grabbed Tommy's cock. 
As they leaned over her, she went from one prick to the other, coating 
each one in warm spit.

"I'll bet I'm the only girl in town with two cocks to take care of me," 
she moaned.

Dolores had finished cleaning up in the kitchen and was now standing in 
the doorway to the bedroom. She surveyed the action on the bed.

"This is one damn sex-crazy family," she muttered, joining them on the 
bed.

"They're both gonna fuck me," Judy gasped, taking time out from licking 
their cocks. "At the same time."

"I want it that way too before the night's over," Dolores said. She 
plastered her mouth to her daughter's pussy and sucked.

Judy gasped, shoving her pussy against her mother's mouth. She gobbled 
her father's prick between her lips and sucked.

Dolores dined on her daughter's sweet pussy. She reamed Judy's cunt 
hole with her tongue and chewed the velvety folds of her pussy. Warm 
cream that would soon coat Tommy's prick flowed over her lips and face 
as she sucked Judy's clit into her mouth and began to snip it with her 
teeth.

Judy, her greedy mouth working on both hard cocks, went wild. She 
slammed her cunt into her mother's face and creamed. Knowing she was 
going to get both her fuck-holes stuffed had her crazy. Tiny orgasms 
rippled through her pussy as she thrashed on her back.

"Ooooo, I want it now," Judy gasped, her body tingling as she leered at 
the two pricks that would soon be ripping into her body. "I want it 
now."

"Lemme get your ass ready," Dolores said as Judy writhed on her back.

She rolled her daughter over and fused her mouth to her ass. Dolores 
soaked the tiny virgin asscrack with spit, then darted her tongue 
inside Judy's narrow asshole and bathed it with drool.

"Oooooo," Judy gasped as she squirmed on her stomach. "Ooooo, I feel 
your tongue, Mommy."

Tommy and Darin watched, their pricks hard and aching.

Judy twisted her hips, her ass thumping against her mother's face. "I'm 
ready," she gasped. "Christ, I'm ready."

"She is," Dolores panted, pulling her mouth away. "Fuck the hell out of 
her."

Tommy fell on his back, his prick jutting up from his groin and 
stabbing the air. His prick twitched, the head bloated and seeping cum.

"Climb on, Judy," he said.

Judy was swooning and trembled as she climbed over her brother. She 
mashed his cock into his groin and glided her pussy along the shaft, 
drenching it with the sticky juices of her overheated pussy.

"Oooo, this is gonna be so great!" she cried.

"Get it in, Sis," Tommy grunted. He grabbed her tits, twisting them in 
his hands. "Put it in."

Judy moaned. Her brother's kneading fingers were making her nipples 
swell. She lifted her ass and grabbed his cock, jamming the spongy head 
into her pussy and gasped.

"Oooooo! Yesssss," she hissed.

Tommy groaned as his sister's cunt gobbled up his cock. He lunged up, 
pulled on her tits, his cock jabbing deep.

"Ride it, Judy. Ride it!"

Judy leaned into her brother's mauling hands. She rolled her hips, her 
cunt pulsing against his cockshaft. Hot buttery pussy-cream bathed his 
prick and flowed out from her puffy cuntlips and down over his nuts.

"Ooooo, I'm ready for your cock, Daddy!" she squealed. "Ooooo, God am I 
ready!"

"Not yet," Dolores moaned, her eyes riveted to her son's buried cock 
and her daughter's gorgeous ass. "Lemme have one more lick."

She crawled between Tommy's legs and used her tongue on his balls. She 
lapped around the base of his cock, the juices from Judy's pussy 
coating her tongue.

"Oooo, Mommy," Judy gasped as she rode Tommy's prick. "I want Daddy's 
cock."

For the moment, Dolores ignored Judy. Getting to lick both her daughter 
and son at the same time was wild. She slithered her tongue up from 
Tommy's balls, over his fat throbbing cock, and up through the crack of 
her daughter's ass.

"Now you can have her, Darin," she finally sighed.

"Yessss!" Judy wailed, her hips rotating as she fucked herself on her 
brother's cock. "Ram my ass, Daddy. Split me open."

Darin climbed between his son's legs, his eyes glued to the wiggling 
cheeks of his daughter's ass. He grabbed her hips, his hulking cock 
swinging.

"Nice virgin assmeat," he mumbled, spreading the cheeks of her ass.

"Stick it in, Darin," Dolores moaned. "Fuck her good." She licked her 
lips, her body quivering.

"Yesss, Daddy!" Judy moaned as she squirmed down on Tommy's prick and 
leaned forward into his pawing hands. "Fuck my virgin ass."

Tommy looked up into his sister's face. His prick was throbbing deep in 
her cunt. He mangled her tits and watched as her sweet innocent face 
flushed with passion.

"Give it to her, Dad. She's ready."

Darin grabbed the hulking base of his prick and aimed it at his 
daughter's tight, wrinkled crack. He pressed the spongy tip against her 
asshole and pushed, stretching the tight-ringed muscle.

"Unnnnn, Daddy," Judy gasped. "Put it in!"

Holding her hips, Darin shoved, sinking the bloated head of his cock 
into his daughter's ass. "You want more?"

"Yessss!" Judy screeched, her eyes bulging. "Gimme more. More, Daddy!"

She went into spasms as she felt her asshole stretch to accommodate the 
hard fat shaft of her father's cock.

Darin eased more of his massive cock into his daughter's asshole, the 
tight virgin muscles clamping to his cockshaft like a vise of hot 
steel.

"Unnnn, Christ, you're tight!" he panted, stopping with only half of 
his prick stuffed up Judy's ass.

Judy thrashed on her brother's cunt-stuffing cock. The pleasure in her 
pussy blended with the pain in her ass, making her dizzy.

"Oooo, Daddy!" she squealed, her hips rolling. "You're rippin' my 
asshole!" She jerked, the pain spreading. "Ooooo, gimme it all!"

Darin heaved a sigh and slammed the rest of his cock into Judy's ass. 
"You got it, baby," he grunted as his groin whacked into her ass. 
"Every fuckin' inch."

Judy screeched as her father's ass-splitting prick ripped into her ass. 
She thrashed between them like a stuck pig, her pussy crammed with her 
brother's cock and her ass filled with her father's meaty prick.

"Aieeeee, ooooooo, Christ. I feel like I'm gonna bust!"

Darin held her jerking ass and Tommy mangled her tits. Their cocks 
throbbed inside her twisting body.

Judy churned wildly between them, the pain overwhelming her. It felt as 
if her father's cock had torn into her stomach. She bucked, her head 
snapping back, her eyes wide and glazed.

Tommy lunged up, stabbing his prick into her pussy. Hot muscles clamped 
around his cock, the sticky juices washing his shaft and flowing out 
over his nuts. He twisted her tits and jabbed up again as she squealed 
above him.

"Ride it, Judy," he grunted. "Ride it!"

"I can't," Judy gasped, her body trying to adjust to the two cocks 
buried up inside her. "Daddy's cock is killing me!"

"I thought this was what you wanted," Darin groaned, keeping his groin 
flush with her twisting ass.

"It is," Judy shrieked. "It is. I'm lovin' every second of it." She 
wrenched her shoulders, her tits almost ripping away in her brother's 
hands. "Ooooo, Christ. I don't believe it!" She began to tremble, her 
quivering body out of control.

While Tommy drilled his prick into her pussy, Darin eased his cock from 
her ass, leaving only the head buried inside her tight ass hole. He 
stared down at her stretched crack as it twitched and contracted 
against his prick.

"Gonna ram you, baby," he warned. "Gonna ram you hard!"

"Ooooo, Christ ... do it, Daddy! Do it!" Arms stiff, she braced 
herself, her pussy pulsing around her brother's cock. "Now, Daddy! 
Now!"

Darin plowed his cock to the root in one mighty lunge, the bloated head 
of his cock cutting deep into her trembling body. He groaned, his taut 
gut crushing into her ass.

Judy's head snapped back, her face twisting into a mask of lust. Pain 
filled her eyes. She bucked her hips, her brother's jabbing cock giving 
her pleasure, her father's cock giving her pain.

"Ooooo, again! Again, Daddy!" she cried.

Darin drilled his prick back into her ass, his balls slapping against 
her juice-stained flesh. At the same time, Tommy lunged up, skewering 
her pussy with his throbbing cock. The action sent Judy screaming into 
a fit of spasms.

"Yesssss!" she screamed, bucking between them as they ravaged her body. 
"Oooooo, Mommy. I'm goin' out of my fuckin' mind!" She thrashed as they 
stabbed, her young shaking body absorbing each powerful thrust. "Ooooo, 
Christ. I'm creamin' already!"

"Fuck her," Dolores shouted as she watched them pounding her daughter. 
"Fuck her hard! Make her scream!" She rocked on the bed, her tits 
heaving. "Give it to her!"

Darin drilled his prick in and out daughter's ass, his eyes glued to 
her asscrack as he kept her asscheeks spread. His nuts ached and his 
prick swelled, stretching her tight asshole beyond the limit. He picked 
up speed, pounding her, his groin smashing into her ass as she jerked 
and twisted on his spearing prick.

Tommy plowed his cock into his sister's pussy, the hot cream searing 
his cockshaft and rumbling the cum in his balls. He mauled her tits, 
the nipples swollen and burning into the palms of his hands like hot 
pokers.

"Judy," he grunted, his ass thumping on the bed. "Unnn, Christ, I'm 
gonna cream you!"

Judy went insane on the two stabbing pricks. She rocked her hips and 
slammed down on Tommy's cock. The head of his cock gouged the cushiony 
walls of her sizzling pussy and she screamed with joy.

"More," she wailed. "Harder! Fuck me! Make me cum!"

"Yeah," Dolores yelled. "Make her cum!"

Darin picked up speed, his cock cutting in and out of her ass at 
lightning speed. His balls swelled and rumbled, the tight gripping 
action of his daughter's ass igniting them.

"I'm cuming," he roared as his balls burst. "I'm cuming!"

"Ooooo, Daddy," she shrieked. "Harder! Cream me!" She stared down into 
her brother's face. "Daddy's cuming in my ass. Cum, Tommy. Fill my 
pussy! Drown me in my cum!"

She bucked between them, her cunt ready to explode as she mangled her 
clit into her brother's groin.

Tommy's prick burst and his hot cum gushed from his prick, splattering 
his sister's gooey pussy. He lunged up, spearing her cunt as his pisser 
spewed out thick stringy wads of jizz.

"Aghhh, Judy ... I'm cuming!" he shouted.

Judy went berserk. Hot cum from her brother's cock flooded her pussy as 
thick globs of her father's cum gushed into her ass. She churned 
between them as they stabbed her body with their squirting pricks.

"Me too!" she screamed, her clit raw as she ground it into Tommy's gut. 
"I'm cuming, Mommy. I'm cuming!"

Dolores was stunned, her eyes wide as she watched her family fuck like 
wildcats on the bed. Darin was plowing Judy's ass while Tommy was 
ripping into her cunt. Judy was thrashing and screaming between them. 
The sight made her dizzy.

"Fuck 'em, Judy. Drain their fuckin' balls!"

Judy had every intention of doing just that. She slammed back and 
rolled her hips, her ass gobbling on her father's squirting cock. She 
twisted her head and stared at his tight face.

"Fuck me, Daddy! Harder! Faster!"

"I am," Darin grunted, plowing his exploding prick into her ass. He 
lunged hard, his balls churning out wads of cum with each jab.

Judy slammed down on her brother's cock. She twisted her shoulders, his 
hands brutalizing her tits. She mashed her clit into his groin, his hot 
squirting cum triggering another orgasm in her pussy.

"Oooooo ... I'm cuming again!" she screamed. "Ooooo, fuck me, Tommy. 
Rip open my pussy!"

Tommy gouged her tits with his fingers. His ass drummed the bed, his 
cock stabbing her pussy. Cum spewed from his prick, gushing into her 
cunt. It flowed out over her clinging pussy and drenched his nuts.

"Unnnn, Judy. Your pussy is so fuckin' hot!"

Judy creamed and shrieked as they plowed her fuck-holes with their 
pricks. "More, fuckers!" she screamed. "More!"

Tommy and Darin fed her quivering body their cocks. Their cum flooded 
her fuck-holes and gushed out over their nuts. They picked up the pace, 
Judy's body taking all the punishment they could give it.

Judy stiffened, her mouth drooling as her father sliced into her ass 
and her brother stabbed her cunt. She went into spasms, convulsing 
maniacally on their plunging pricks.

Darin groaned, his hips slowing, the last of his jizz spurting from his 
pisser. He jerked back, his cock popping from her ass.

"Christ, whatta fuckin' kid!"

Judy gasped, her asshole empty. She battled her brother to a draw as 
she collapsed on top of him, her body exhausted, her pussy still 
twitching around his jabbing prickshaft.

Tommy lunged up then dropped back with a thud, his balls empty, his 
prick shrinking in her steamy pussy.

Judy rolled off. Panting, her tits heaved as she tried to catch her 
breath. "Whatta fuck," she moaned. "Holy Christ!"

"Now it's my turn," Dolores moaned.

She turned her attention to their limp pricks, anxious to get them hard 
again. In minutes, she had succeeded and took both their cocks until 
she and her husband and son were all screaming and cuming.

It was dawn when they finished their sex party. Exhausted, they clung 
together in sleep, thankful that it was Sunday and they didn't have to 
open the store.


The End



“Summer Lovers”
By
Argus
Copyright resides with author




One


There were better ways of spending a summer besides babysitting a bunch of snotty kids. Unfortunately, I wasn't given a lot of options if I wanted to save up money for college. 
	So here I was packing all the shit I could into a couple of suitcases to take out into the middle of nowhere. Mostly I packed jeans and halters, and T-shirts, and underwear. Also a bunch of bathing suits, some respectable, for when the kids were around, and some not so respectable, for when it was just us counsellors.
	There would be a bunch of cute guys there, after all.
	One thing about being a camp counsellor that was great. You could do whatever you wanted and not worry about gossip. Nobody there knew you, after all, and wouldn't be able to tell your friends at school what a slut you'd acted like.
	That was the only thing I was looking forward to. If I was going to get stuck in the woods all summer, I was going to have some good old fashioned hedonistic fun, away from my parents, away from my crummy little brothers and sisters, and out on my own.
	Yeah.
	I jammed in all the stuff I could, then forced the suitcases closed and stood back, sighing in relief as I ran a hand through my hair. I turned and gazed at the full length mirror on the wall, then winked at myself as I raised both hands and brought them behind my head.
	I was wearing cut-offs and a tight T-shirt, and as I arched my back my breasts pushed out hard and round and taut against the thin cotton. I had a great silhouette, a great figure. I knew the guys were ga-ga over me, knew damned well how they talked about what a great set of tits I had, what a great ass I had, how they'd love to get me in bed.
	That turned me on. I loved being lusted after, loved them getting all tongue-tied and bug-eyed over me, loved them drooling over me, and knowing how they all jerked off to fantasies about me.
	I wasn't the greatest looking girl in the world, but no one had ever turned me down. I have thick, shoulder length blonde hair. It's really full and silky, and hangs down around my shoulders like a lion's mane. I have long, thick bangs that fall over my forehead.
 	Below them are my large, bright green eyes, so expressive, so wonderfully easy to shift and change. I can look angry, threatening, sophisticated, snotty, or naive and innocent, depending on how I narrow or widen my eyes, and how I move my soft, full lips.
	I'm tall at five foot 11, and slender. But I'm very athletic, due to lots of use of my dad's home gym machine. I have a well-toned body, with a narrow waist, round, shapely hips, and long, long, perfectly textured legs. Men love my legs. They've been staring at them since I was thirteen.
	My ass is round and soft and tight as a drum, just like my breasts. My boobs aren't the biggest, but at thirty-six C, they're plenty big enough. They kind of tilt up a bit, all perky and firm and really, really round. 
	My nipples are a bright pink, and look quite small, like dimes...well, pennies, but when they get cold or aroused, for some reason they grow really, long and hard. I mean they stick straight out like an inch, and are incredibly sensitive. I've come sometimes just from having my nipples sucked.
	I've seen prettier girls than me, though not many, and I've seen girls with better bodies, though very few. I've very seldom seen any girls who are prettier who have better bodies, though.
	Anyway, it's really cool being so hot, having men walk into street posts and stuff. And I was sure I was going to have a lot of fun out in the woods... at night anyway, once the brats were in their beds.
	I got my suitcases and carried them downstairs, and then my Dad drove me to the bus station. I was kind of excited. I mean, going off on a trip and all. True, it was only the bus, but it was a nice bus, all air-conditioned, with tinted glass and all, and the seats were really nice, all thick and tall, tilting back.
	I was worried, though, about who would sit beside me. I mean, the seats are fine if you're alone, or if you're sitting next to someone of normal size. If a large person sits next to you, though, they can kind of squash you.
	Or if it's some geeky guy who bugs you the whole trip, or some old lady who chatters about boring shit, or some kid, well, your ride can be really long. I've ridden the bus a few times before, you see, and nothing is worse than being trapped by someone boring.
	So I was really glad when a youngish woman sat next to me. She was black, her skin creamy brown, with shoulder length, straight black hair. She was kind of pretty, and in her mid-twenties, with a decent body. She smiled as she sat down, and I gave her a brief smile in return.
	After a few minutes she started talking to me, and we struck up a conversation. Her name was Val, and she seemed cool enough. She was going to see her sister in New Orleans. We got along really, really well, and were laughing and joking and giggling like crazy as we talked about guys, and some of the stupid things they do and say to try and get into our pants.
	I guess it was because neither of us knew the other, and knew we’d never see each other again, and so we could be honest and tell each other all the stuff we'd done without fear that it would get back to anyone for gossip.
	We even talked... in low voices... about sucking cocks... the different techniques we used. Then we got into fantasies, into things we thought would be really, really sexy, and would like to try sometimes. Mine was a gang bang. She liked that, but hers was to "own" a big, muscular man, to have him for a sex slave.
	Then, grinning, she kind of leaned into me and said.
	"You ever do it with a girl?"
	I blinked in surprise, and then kind of shrugged.
	"Kinda," I whispered. "I mean, me and a couple of friends did some fucking around a while back, but we never went, like, really deep into it."
	"What does that mean?"
	I shrugged, a bit awkwardly.
	"Okay, you ever... French kiss a girl?"
	I nodded. "You?"
	She nodded.
	"Ever touch a girl's boobs?"
	I nodded slowly, a bit embarrassed.
	"Ever... suck on a girl's nipples?"
	"Vaal!" I protested.
	She sniggered and I glared at her.
	"Well?"
	"Yes," I said.
	"Oooooooh."
	"You ever?"
	"I've done everything with girls."
	"Everything?"
	"Shit, me an' my girlfriend practised jerking off when we were twelve, and then started doing each other. I've had sex with about five or six women."
	"What's it like?" I asked, curious and a little aroused at the thought of her having sex with a woman.
	"Neat. Women are... like, softer, I mean, there isn't the pressure and the hurry up kind of thing. It's slloooow and easy, soft and gentle."
	"You... sucked a girl off?"
	"Sure. And had it done to me."
	"Man," I said.
	"Nope. Wo-man," she leered.
	I rolled my eyes.
	"I once had sex with a stewardess on an airplane."
	"Where?"
	"In the bathroom."
	"Man!"
	"When you're at that little camp of yours, see if you can get one of the other girls alone, honey. Nothing feels nicer than having another girl's naked body pressed against yours. There's just something about the feel of another woman's breasts on mine that makes me soooo hot."
	"You are so slutty!" I gasped, admiringly.
	"Being slutty can be fun, baby," she grinned. "You only go round once, remember."
	It didn't sound fun. It sounded... exciting. It was getting me hot inside, was making my crotch all tingly.
	I wasn't uncomfortable at all. I mean, given we were on the bus and getting off at different stops, it wasn't like she was putting any pressure on me to have sex with her or anything.
	"I'll have to see what turns up," I said, flickering my tongue at her.
	"Uhmm. I'm getting this mental image," she breathed. "I bet you look really great naked."
	I blushed a bit.
	"Yeah, I do," I grinned.
	"I'd love to get you alone," she purred softly.
	"Lezzie," I accused.
	She stuck her tongue out, and out, and out. I watched in surprise as she touched the tip of her nose with it.
	"Wow. How do you do that?" 
	"Practice," she said. "Imagine how deep I could push this where it counts."
	I blushed again. I was getting even hotter. I'd never flirted with anyone this... this dirty. I mean, this... uhm, this heavily. And that was what we were doing, after all, flirting. That thought made me hotter still. The idea that I was flirting with a black woman.
	She pressed her lips together like a kiss, and her tongue slid in and out slowly.
	I watched and swallowed several times, squeezing my thighs together.
	"You should be so lucky," I whispered.
	"I could make you scream," she cooed.
	"Oh right."
	She looked down at my chest and grinned.
	"Your nipples are hard, baby," she leered.
	I flushed even more. I was only wearing a T-shirt, with a light bra underneath, and my nipples were rock hard, pressing the thin fabric outwards noticeably.
	"Well stop looking," I said.
	"You're hot, aren't you?"
	"Am not."
	"Are too," she teased.
	She leaned in closer, her lips right next to my ear.
	"You want me," she breathed.
	"Do not," I said, pulling away in annoyance.
	"You should come with me to New Orleans. We'll share a motel room. I'll tie you down and lick you aaaallll over."
	"Get lost," I snorted.
	She laughed and pulled back, and I squeezed my thighs together repeatedly.
	"Hey, ever hear of the mile high club?"
	"Yeah. So?"
	"I'm a member."
	"I thought you had to have sex with a guy to qualify for that. I mean, does a stewardess qualify?"
	"Sure. But I did it with a guy too."
	"Slut."
	"Better believe it," she grinned.
	"Well, I could do that. I probably will."
	"I bet you wouldn't have the guts," she taunted.
	"I would too!"
	"Prove it."
	"How can I prove it?" I tsked.
	She turned her head away, and then turned it back to me.
	"Look past me and tell me what you see."
	I looked past her. The seats across the aisle from us were occupied by a couple of kids, both of whom were asleep. I couldn't see any of the other people because the seats in front of us and the ones we were in were so tall.
	"A couple of little kids," I said.
	"Both sound asleep."
	"So?"
	"So nobody can see you. Nobody at all."
	"So?" I gulped.
	"So let's do something nasty," she breathed, her face in close against mine.
	"Wha... what?"
	She licked the side of my ear.
	"Val!" I gulped, drawing back.
	"Scared?"
	"I'm not scared!"
	"You know you want me."
	"I do not."
	"So let's fool around," she grinned, flicking her tongue along her lips.
	"Are you crazy! There are people all around us!"
	"That's what makes it so cool," she grinned. "They can't see anyway."
	"But... but someone might... might come down the aisle."
	"We'll see them first. Chicken."
	"I'm not chicken." I frowned.
	"I bet I could make you come in your pants."
	The words hit me like a wall, and I felt a flare of fiery heat between my legs.
	She leaned in against me and I felt her tongue along my earlobe. I didn't move, but my heart leapt, and the blood started flowing faster and faster through my veins.
	"Val!" I gasped.
	"Chicken," she taunted. "I bet all that talk was just talk. You're probably a virgin, aren't you?"
	"Get lost," I gulped.
	She slid her hand down onto my thigh and gave it a squeeze.
	I was wearing a sweat shirt and sweat pants because I wanted to be comfortable on the long ride. I also had a sweater, because they sometimes turn the air-conditioning up too high in buses. Val was wearing a dress with a mid-length skirt that came to just above her knees.
	I could feel the warmth of her hand through the thin sweat pants. It felt hot... electric, but I pushed her hand off anyway.
	"Chicken. Viiiirgiiin," she teased.
	"You're crazy," I whispered.
	She leaned in again and licked under my ear. I didn't move, though I turned and looked out the window. I felt her hand on my thigh again and turned my head back towards her. She was grinning challengingly. I looked past her. The little kids were still asleep, and nobody else was in sight.
	Her hand stroked my thigh, and then crept slowly in between my legs as my heart began to pound louder and louder. I had my thighs tight together because I'd been squeezing them, but as Val slid her hand down she whispered into my ear "Open your legs a little, baby."
	I trembled slightly, and then did, shifting my feet a bit apart, then a bit more.
	Her hand slid down over my crotch and squeezed me, and I shuddered as the heat flared up inside me higher and higher. I slumped down a bit, and I felt her cupping my pussy mound and squeezing it through the thin sweatpants.
	She rubbed her hand up and down the front of my pants, and then slid her hand upwards, easing up beneath my sweater to the waistband of my sweatpants. I jerked my head up and stared at her, but she wasn't looking at me. She was sitting there perfectly normally, looking forward, while her fingers slid inside my sweatpants.
	Not just my sweatpants, but inside my panties too.
	I couldn't' believe this was happening! I was scared someone would notice, but also incredibly aroused, more aroused than I could remember being in a long, long time.
	I looked desperately past her, scared someone would come wandering down the aisle and see what was happening. I could feel her fingers against the soft skin of my abdomen as they squirmed slowly downwards under the waistband of my panties, could feel them pressing against my soft skin, then working their way down my body.
	I felt her whole hand sliding inside, and felt her fingers against my pussy hair. I shuddered and laid my head back, my body buzzing and shaking with sex-heat. Her fingers touched my slit gently, then with more assurance, stroking lightly against the top of my slit right over my clitty.
	I humped slightly, instinctively, and fought to keep from making any sounds as her finger slid down along my slit and pressed against it. She sawed her finger up and down, and I felt a wave of embarrassment at how wet I was, at the certain knowledge that she could feel my inner moisture soaking her finger.
	Her finger sank through the tight folds of my pussy lips and began to saw up and down along my hot little cleft. My clitty exploded and I clenched my jaw, jamming my head back into the thick seat as I felt an orgasm blossoming inside me.
	I shook violently even though I tried to suppress it. My body was rocked by a tremendous release of sexual pleasure which seared my nervous system. 
	Then it eased off and I sat there panting for breath, my eyes closed as my body continued to twitch spastically. 
	"Nice, huh?" Val purred into my ear.
	She eased her hand up and down over my pussy pad as I sat there, slumped down, legs well apart. She gave my hot, moist pussy pad a squeeze, and then eased her finger in against my slit again, this time forcing the tip inside and searching for my hole.
	I was surprised, thinking that, well, since I'd come she would stop, but I was glad she didn't. I slumped down more, drawing my right leg up against the side of the bus to open myself for her. I was still tremendously excited, and the feel of her finger slowly worming its way into my body was shockingly pleasurable.
	I was really wet, and her finger slid right into my hole, jamming down deep until I felt her knuckles pressing against my pussy mound. She wriggled the finger around inside me for several seconds, then pulled it back and slid a second in beside it.
	I just lay back and basked in the pleasure as her fingers slid right up to the knuckles inside me and started pumping. She stroked them right across my clitty with every back and forth movement and the heat began to rise inside me once more.
	She was nibbling and licking and kissing the nape of my neck and, daringly, I turned to face her and met her lips with mine. Her tongue slid through into my mouth as our lips melded in moist, passionate embrace, and I moved my hand towards her.
	She pulled back, shaking her head. 
	"No. I'm on the aisle. Someone might see," she whispered.
	She continued to finger fuck me, and my pelvis was rolling as much as it could as I ground my ass into the seat. Soon I was bucking and humping again, jamming my face into her shoulder as I grunted in pleasure. Her fingers thrust hard and fast up into my pussy crack as she brought her thumb down on my clitty, and the pleasure was wondrous.
	She eased her fingers out of me and I felt her hand caressing my abdomen, then sliding upwards out of my pants, up under my T-shirt and sweater. I looked past her and saw nobody, so leaned forward and reached up behind me, putting my hands up under my T-shirt and sweater and undoing my bra.
	I lay back as her hand moved up and cupped one of my breasts, squeezing and stroking it gently. I could see the movements of her hand beneath the sweater as it caressed my soft flesh, then squeezed gently.
	Her fingers found my hard nipple and pinched it, then rolled it between them. I sighed in pleasure as my breasts throbbed.
	I reached down and lifted up both sweater and T-shirt, daringly baring my breasts to the world. We both watched them as her hand stroked and kneaded my breasts. She looked forward casually, then bent and folded her lips around my hard nipple, sucking fiercely for several seconds before straightening.
	"Change places," she whispered.
	"Wha...what?" I gulped.
	"I want to sit by the window."
	I let my sweater and T-shirt fall, then got up shakily and moved into the aisle. She shifted over onto my seat and I sat down in hers, on the aisle. From here I could easily see the side of the man across the aisle in the seat in front of mine, and the two people in the seat across the aisle just behind us.
	And they could see me.
	Val looked challengingly at me and I eased my hand onto her thigh, and then pulled her skirt slowly up her legs until I could slide my hand underneath and get at her pussy. I was startled to feel no panties, and she grinned at me smugly.
	I trembled excitedly as I rubbed my fingers through her pussy hair, and then felt her small slit. She slumped down as I had and spread her legs, and I ran my fingers up and down her slit carefully.
	I kept my eyes on the aisle, on the people around us, as I began to stroke her pussy cleft with my fingers. I laid my middle fingers along the length of her slit, and then pushed down, forcing them slowly inside. Then I began to rub them up and down against her pink pussy flesh, stroking along her clitty as she sighed in pleasure.
	She raised her hands and cupped her own breasts, squeezing and kneading them through the thin dress as I stroked her clitty. Her eyes closed tight as she sat back in the seat. She almost looked asleep, except that her hands were kneading her breasts steadily, and her chest was rising and falling with growing speed.
	I was glad to feel that she was as moist and hot as I was. I slid my now sopping fingers up and down her slit, and then eased them into her hole, sliding them easily up inside her to the hilt as I brought my thumb down on her clitty.
	I finger-fucked her fast and deep while grinding my thumb down on her clitoris. Her eyes remained closed, but her mouth opened and her head drew back some as her hips began to shake and grind and hump against my fingers.
	Then she arched her back sharply and violently, her head jerking way back behind her as she thrust her chest out. She trembled and one of her hands shot down to grip my wrist, pulling my hand in hard against her groin as she humped against it.
	She slumped back tiredly, but still held my wrist. She closed her thighs around it and rubbed my knuckles against her pussy as she relaxed.
	She rolled her head slowly towards me and winked, and I grinned and winked back.
	"This is sure better than counting licence plates," I whispered.
	She grinned and nodded.
	We sat together in silence for a bit, and then started talking again about a variety of subjects. I think both of us were a little sorry and frustrated we wouldn't be able to do much else with each other. I really wanted to see her naked, to have her press her naked flesh against me as she'd described doing with other women.
	Then we arrived at my stop. It was a restaurant, a kind of diner seat back from the road by a small parking lot. There was nothing else around but trees and grass, and the long highway. Just as we were pulling into the parking lot the drive got on the intercom and announced a twenty minute rest stop.
	Val and I both looked at each other and grinned, and I felt my heart give a lurch as I looked around, wondering whether we'd get a chance to do anything.
	I got off, with her trailing me, and the driver got me my luggage. The two of us carried it up to the restaurant and inside. I was supposed to be looking for a guy named Bill, who'd be inside.
	I approached the counter, but a guy intercepted me.
	"Are you Taylor Caldwell?" he asked.
	"Yeah," I said.
	He held out his hand.
	"I'm Bill Kinkaid from Golden Lake."
	"Oh, hi," I said, shaking hands.
	"We got about half an hour to wait. There's another girl coming in on the southbound bus. You can take your bags out to my station wagon and put them in the back. Need any help?"
	"No, we're fine."
	He nodded and went back to a table where a plate of food sat. Me and Val carried the suitcases outside to the only station wagon there and unlocked the back, then put them inside.
	"We got a few minutes," she grinned.
	"If he catches us I'm screwed," I said.
	"He won't. Come on."



Two


	We went around the side of the restaurant to where the bathroom was, and went inside. It was a small bathroom, with only two stalls.
	"Are you crazy?" I gasped. "Someone's bound to come."
	"Yeah, us."
	"Val!"
	"All the people from the bus who wanted to take a leak could do it in the bus. There's almost nobody else at this place."
	"But..."
	"They'll all wanna go after eating, but we got ten or fifteen minutes before anyone's probably gonna come in."
	As she was talking she was leading me into one of the stalls and closing the door behind us. She reached up behind her and undid her dress, then reached down and lifted the whole thing up and off, hanging it on the hook on the door.
	She grinned at me, naked, then reached down and lifted up my sweater. I shrugged it off, and then took off my T-shirt as she put the sweater on the hook. I was getting incredibly hot and excited as I stripped, and was ready to do almost anything to satisfy the rising lust inside me.
	I took off my bra and hung it on the hook, then skinned off my panties and pants and jammed them onto the top of the toilet tank as Val pressed herself against me. She pressed me back against the door, her naked flesh rubbing against mine as her hands went around me and cupped my ass.
	I raised one of my legs and brought it up around her as my hands went behind her head and drew her face against mine. Our lips melded in a hot, wet, rough, passionate embrace, our tongues flicking in and out as she ground her pelvis into me and her fingers dug into my buttocks.
	Her breasts were smaller than mine, and kind of cone shaped, but they rubbed against my own soft flesh with delicious energy and force, grinding against my tender, sensitive orbs, mashing them down, stroking my nipples with her own.
	I grabbed her buttocks and kneaded them as I ground myself against her, then pulled my lips off hers and dove down onto one of her nipples. It was thicker than mine, but just as hard. I slid my mouth around it and sucked, my lips working and stroking as my teeth gnawed and nibbled. I sucked hard, then soft, then hard, my tongue stroking roughly over the tender button.
	She pulled away, and then both her hands shot up under my breasts, roughly squeezing and mashing them together as she bent and sucked hard on each nipple. I was panting loudly, gasping for breath as the heat swelled inside me.
	Her hands kneaded and crushed my sensitive meat as she slid down onto her knees before me. Her lips trailed across my heaving belly and over my moist pussy hair. I spread my legs and groaned in pleasure as her tongue slid along my slit.
	"Suck me!" I panted. "Suck my pussy!"
	Her hands slid down off my breasts and she pried my sex lips apart with painful force. Then her tongue lapped up and down my pink flesh, sucking and licking and caressing it as I groaned and trembled and squeezed my own breasts.
	She shoved her tongue up into my hole, driving it deep and flickering it around just like she'd promised.
	"God! God! God!" I moaned, rolling my head from side to side.
	Her tongue drove up incredibly deep as her nose mashed down deliberately against my clitty. She was sucking hard at my hole, her tongue scooping out my pussy milk as my legs trembled and shook and my body was bathed in fiery sexual pleasure.
	She pulled her tongue out only to jam her fingers up my hole. Three of them were thrust up to the knuckles as her tongue whipped across my clitoris. Then she folded her lips around it and began to suck.
	I went crazy, crying out in pleasure as ecstasy tore though my mind. My ass slapped back repeatedly against the door as I humped against her face, and I grabbed at her head as if I could jam her entire face up into my ravenous pussy hole.
	I slumped back against the door, groaning weakly, and she rose before me and kissed me as her hands went around behind me and cupped my ass again. I tasted my own juices on her lips as our hot, throbbing flesh ground together.
	She turned us around, and I knew what was now expected of me. I was a bit nervous. I'd never eaten a girl before. But I'd just gotten an excellent demonstration, so was confident I could make do.
	We heard voices approaching then, and Val quickly shoved me backwards until the toilet hit the backs of my legs. I sat down abruptly and Val sat in my lap facing me, straddling me, her legs up around behind the toilet.
	The door opened and a woman came inside. We heard her go to the stall beside us and sit down. Val began kissing me, and I kissed her back, my hands sliding up under her breasts to squeeze and knead them. She pulled her head back and pressed her breasts against my face and I began to suck and lick on her nipples, taking the dark brown meat into my mouth and working my tongue over it.
	The other woman finished and left, and Val let her feet down on the floor, and then stood up. She was still straddling the toilet, but now my face was right in front of her pussy. I licked my lips then leaned forward and ran my hands over her lower belly. 
	I pressed my lips against her pussy and gave it a soft kiss, then slid my tongue out and ran it up and down her slit. My thumbs pried at her lips and slowly peeled them open, revealing the glistening wet pink inside. I licked at her exposed flesh, tasting her own juices as she ran her fingers through my blonde hair.
	I licked up and down her pink flesh, and then mashed my lips in against it as I shoved my tongue up her hole. I couldn't get it as deep as she'd done, but did my best. I sucked at the same time, then eased my lips back and moved them up over her clitty.
	I sucked at it experimentally, trying different ways. I blew a stream of hot air over it, then kissed and sucked it. I worked my tongue over it as my fingers slid up her pussy and began pumping.
	"Oooohhh," she groaned. "Yeaaah! Suck me, white girl! Suck my pussy! Suck it gooood!"
	I licked and sucked and slurped on her pussy as she humped slowly against me, then she groaned, and her breath rattled as she exhaled long and loudly. She jammed my head in against her sex the way I'd done to her, and I picked up the pace, licking frantically, sucking fiercely as she came against me.

	We both dressed, leaving the toilet separately. Nobody seemed to notice anything, though. We went into the restaurant and had a burger, then her bus pulled out and I never saw her again.
	I went over and sat with Bill, and he told me a little about the camp and what we'd be doing.
	"There ain't no kids there yet," he said. "They don't arrive till day after tomorrow. We want all you councillors to get familiar with things first."
	I nodded like I cared.
	"There are 17 councillors," he said. "About equally divided between guys and girls. Each of you will be responsible for a cabin, and the kids inside. Each of you also has a job to do, in your case teach swimming. You'll seldom be by yourself since you're a junior councillor."
	"I'll manage," I said.
	"I'm sure you will," he said.
	Another bus pulled into the parking lot. It looked just like the one I'd left coming back, but the people who stepped down were different than the ones who'd been on my bus. One of them was a teenage girl about my age who went with the driver to the side of the bus to open up the luggage bay.
	"That's Shannon," he said.
	Shannon wasn't quite as pretty as me, but she had a great body, maybe better than mine. She was a few inches shorter than me, but had a very...nubile body, full and firm looking. Her breasts were quite large, but the jeans she wore were tight enough to show there was no fat or flab there...
	She was a brunette, her hair having a slightly reddish tint, and it was about the same length as mine, but not as thick and full. She parted it on the side rather than having bangs.
	"Let's go and get her," he said, getting to his feet.
	I followed him out into the lot and met Shannon on her way in. She gave Bill a hug and a kiss, and from their conversation this was obviously not her first year as a camp counsellor. He introduced us and we put her stuff in the back of the car with mine, and then got inside.
	"Shannon teaches swimming and equestrian skills," Bill said.
	"What'll you be doing?" she asked.
	"Swimming, archery and canoeing," I said.
	"Watch the boys in archery," she said. "Shooting at targets is never enough for them. They always want to shoot at trees or buildings."
	"I've got brothers," I grinned.
	"You should have it pretty easy in your cabin," she said. "The newbies always get the easy assignments. That's the kids from about nine to eleven. They're so easy to manage then. The really young ones are a lot more bother, and then there's the jailbait."
	"Uh huh," Bill grunted.
	"The girls over twelve. What a fuckin' pain they are! They're snotty as hell and are always trying to sneak off with the boys."
	"That's what you got this year," Bill laughed.
	"Yeah, well, I can manage. Some of them are okay," she sighed, "I don't want you to think we got a bunch of little terrors. But there's always a few, usually the ones that are coming back year after year, that cause trouble. They know everybody and everything, and they want to have some excitement."
	"Don't we all," I grinned.
	"Maybe, but if little Suzie gets herself knocked up while at our camp there'll be hell to pay."
	"Or little Bobbie gets the clap," Bill said.
	"Golden Lake takes girls and boys from six to eighteen," she said. "That means some of the older girls aren't much younger than you. So they're not gonna treat you with much respect."
	"Or you," I said.
	"I wish," she grinned. "I'm twenty-two."
	"Really? You don't look it."
	"Well thanks, but this is my fourth year here, and last."
	"We'll miss you," Bill said.
	"Yeah, I'll kind of miss it too. But I graduate after next year."
	"What are you taking?"
	"Architecture."
	"Cool."
	"Yeah, well, I'd sure like to redesign the fucking camp and put in some better cabins," she said.
	"They're not bad," Bill interjected. "Don't forget, this is supposed to be a camp. We can't have wall to wall carpeting."
	"Wait till you see the showers," Shannon snorted.
	"What are they like?" I asked.
	"They're outside in this ratty wooden building. The floor is cement, and there's absolutely no privacy, not even from the kids. I mean, the kids and the counsellors use the same showers at the same time. Also, there's nothing to stop someone from sticking their head in the door and seeing everything. That's what all those adolescent boys try to do of course."
	"Especially when Shannon's in there," Bill grinned.
	"Yeah," she sighed. "One of the little bastards took a Polaroid last year. Half the fourteen year olds in camp were jerking off to it before we got it back and ripped it up."
	"Gross," I said, my face screwing up.
	"You'll probably get the same thing, Taylor," she grinned. "You're gonna make a lot of little peckers stand up proud."
	"Thanks," I said sarcastically.
	"Don't mention it," she laughed. "Just try and sneak into the shower when none of them are looking."
	"Can't you lock the door?"
	"It's a communal shower. Other girls have to use it too."
	"Joe said something about putting a curtain up behind the door," Bill said. "That might help."
	"Anything would be a help," she sighed.
	"The best idea is not to take too many showers. The pool is fresh and clear anyway, so I usually don't take showers very often. Especially since I'm in the water so much."
	"If I don't wash my hair every day it gets oily," I said.
	"Yeah, well, dunking it in lake water a dozen times a day will change that," she laughed.
	"Another thing," she said, turning to me. "Do those suitcases of yours lock?"
	I nodded.
	"Keep your underwear and bathing suits in them and keep them locked."
	"Why?"
	"Trophies," she said. "You know what boys are like at that age. Think of what a great trophy it would be for some thirteen or fourteen year old to be able to show his buddies a pair of your panties."
	"Sheesh," I sighed, shaking my head.
	"Just watch your ass. They sure will."
	"What about the guys? I mean, the other councillors?"
	"Bunch of horny adolescent bastards mostly, just older."
	We drove down a long dirt road, then through a kind of entrance gate...two high poles with a sign between them that said "Golden Lake". We parked in a large open dirt area with grass growing around it, and then got out of the car.
	There was a main lodge, which looked kind of nice, and was large and well built. It was in the open, and so was the barn and corral over to the east of it. In front of the lodge were the beach, dock, and boathouse. The cabins were scattered through the woods. To the west of the lodge.
	We carted our luggage along a winding dirt path, up and down cute little wooden stairs, and through the camp to the end farthest away from the lodge. Then Shannon led the way into one of the cabins.
	It was kind of nice, really, surrounded by trees, with big screened windows. It overlooked the lake only a few dozen yards away. Inside were six bunk beds, each of which had a footlocker on either end.
	There was also a picnic table in the middle of the room, with benches attached, and a few chairs scattered around the walls
	"Lotsa room anyway," Shannon grunted, dumping her luggage on one of the beds.
	"Why?"
	"Room for twelve girls, see? There'll only be 7 or 8 of us."
	"How come?"
	"Camps aren't as popular as they used to be," she said. "Some of the cabins will stay empty."
	We unpacked most of our stuff into the footlockers...which didn't have nay locks, and kept our underwear and bathing suits in our suitcases. Well, except for the ones we wore. Shannon said to change into a bathing suit since it was hot, so we both did.
	Her body looked every bit as full and soft as I'd imagined, and I wondered what the possibilities were of feeling her big breasts rubbing against mine. I thought it would feel even nicer than Val's, who was kind of small up top.
	She put on a black string bikini, while I put on a green one. We put on sweatshirts then, and went out of the cabin. She showed me the other cabins, which were the same as ours, and the common showers, which were as tacky as she'd said.
	"The idea of being naked in here isn't too appealing," I said.
	"Not with bratty kids as your company, anyway," she nodded.
	We headed up the path to the main lodge, and went in through a side door. Inside was a kind of big rec room, all benches, chairs, and old sofas running around the wall, with a big fireplace at one end and a big ugly rug in the middle.
	There were three people inside sitting together on a couch and chair. Two were guys, and one was a girl about my age, a curly haired brunette.
	"Hi, Chris," Shannon said, leaning over and hugging one of the guys.
	"Hey, beautiful. Back again," he said.
	"Yeah, fraid so."
	She stood up and turned to me. "This is Taylor. She's a virgin."
	"We'll see what we can do about that," he grinned.
	I nodded and made a face.
	"This is Mike Lewis, and that's Laurie Rose."
	We all said hi, and proceeded to gossip about the camp. Mostly Chris and Shannon talked about what happened, and what was gonna happen, and the rest of us listened, since Laurie and Mike were both "virgins" too.
	Chris was tall and broad shouldered, kind of handsome in a jock way, with dark hair cut short. Mike was thinner, but had longer brown hair and was prettier. Laurie was kind of skinny, with wide, blinking eyes, and obviously no competition to me and Shannon, though she wasn't homely or anything.
	Shannon took me through to the main dining room, which was just a big open area with lots of long tables and benches. Behind that was the kitchen, which we didn't have to worry about, but where we could get snacks after hours.
	We went down to the beach, and she showed me the areas where the various age groups played, and where the water was shallow and deep. She took me into the boathouse and explained the rules for how to use the boats, and how to decide whether the kids could use them.
	"Remember," she said. "No kid gets to go anywhere in a canoe unless they're wearing a life jacket, and have passed at least a class three swimming test. They'll beg and whine, but it's your ass if you let them go"
	"Okay."
	We wandered over to the barn and looked at the horses, and also met a few more counsellors. We went over to the archery range, and took a look at the various other sites, like the baseball diamond and basketball courts.
	The toilets were outdoors, gross, right? They were these shack things - a lot like the showers. The only good thing that could be said about them was that they had flush toilets and not holes in the ground.
	She also led me into the woods and down an overgrown path to a small secluded cove where she said they sometimes skinny dipped at night. She grinned when she said it, and I had no doubt she included herself in that.
	Skinny dipping sounded exciting. I mean, being outdoors all naked, with so many people around. That would be really...hot.
	"Jus make sure Mrs. Horner doesn't catch you," she said.
	"Who?"
	"Mr and Mrs. Horner own and run this place. She's always on our cases. She thinks the girl councillors are all a bunch of sluts, and it’s the high point of her summer if she can catch one of us doing something immoral."
	"Immoral?"
	"That's what she calls it. So if you find a guy you like, make sure you go someplace where she can't find you."
	"Does she come down here?"
	"She's been known to. She's not very graceful, though, and you can always hear her coming. She has to have a light, too. She's not the type to pick her way down the path in the dark."
	"What about in the day?"
	"Nobody skinny dips in the day, silly," she laughed.
	I wiggled my tongue at her like Val had done to me, and she smirked, and looked around.
	"I wasn't kidding about the guys, you know. They aren't quite as bad as the younger boys, but we check our cabin for holes in the wall for a reason."
	"Most of them aren't here yet, though, are they?"
	I pulled my sweatshirt off and tossed it on the grass, then kicked off my tennis shoes. Shannon grinned at me and looked around again as I undid my top and dropped it on the ground. 
	"You're crazy," she laughed.
	I skinned my bikini bottoms off, then, naked, moved onto the little sandy area before the water. I turned and gazed at her, grinning.
	"Coming in?" I taunted.
	"I don't think so."
	My nipples were starting to harden, so I quickly turned and dove into the water, then swam back and forth a few strokes.
	"The water's cold," I gasped.
	"It'll get warmer in a few weeks."
	"Brrr."
	I swam over to shore and walked out of the water, dripping wet. I rung out my hair, intensely aware of how rigid my nipples were, and that her eyes were on me.
	"I should've brought a towel, I guess," I sighed.
	"The guys would have seen it and trailed us here if you had," she grinned.
	I put on my bikini, then my sweatshirt, and, carrying the shoes, we walked back out of the woods and over to our cabin. I towelled off my hair and then followed her up to the lodge. There, we found a bunch of the counsellors sitting or standing around on the dock, most in bathing suits.
	We wandered down to join them, and more introductions were made. A few of the guys seemed like they would be possible, that is, guys I might screw this summer, and all the girls were in decent shape too.
	Me and Shannon were the cutest of the girls, there, but as the rest of the counsellors trickled in over the afternoon, another girl, a redhead named Caitlin showed up, and she was pretty hot looking too.
	Mr and Mrs. Horner gave us a speech in the lodge, all about morals and responsibility, and being role models and shit like that. Basically it was all about not cursing, and being nice to the kids, and not fucking around with each other, or in the guys' case, with the older girl campers.
	Some of the guys were old enough that it wouldn't be jail bait, but some were my age, and close enough in age to the older girls that they knew they wouldn't get in trouble, at least not with the cops.
	Mrs Horner wanted everyone to know that, regardless of age, all the counsellors were to consider themselves adults, and were to consider all the campers as little, itty bitty children. That was kind of stupid, but that was her attitude.
	"Does she always act like that?" I asked as me and Shannon and Laurie walked down to the boat house.
	"Pretty much. Lots of these older girls come here with their cherries and leave with smiles on their faces, and she can't stand that."
	"There's lots of screwing around?"
	"Shit, yeah. I mean, they're away from home, away from school. They can do whatever they want here without worrying about gossip getting back to their friends at home. Lots of them decide to lose their cherries here."
	"Besides, there are all these guys, and everyone spends so much time in bathing suits and not much else, and there are all these trees." 
	She grinned and shrugged.
	"Didn't you ever go to camp?"
	"Uh uh. Not after I was eleven."
	"You?" she asked Laurie.
	"Yeah," Laurie said. 
	"Till when?"
	"I'm still coming," she laughed. "I went to a camp called Camp Hyawatha until I was fifteen."
	"Ever screw around with guys there?"
	"Shit yeah. I had lots of fun."
	"Well, don't worry," Shannon grinned. "We can still have lots of fun."
	"Tell us about Chris," Laurie smiled.
	"He'll screw anything that moves, and even some things that don't move. He's a cherry collector."
	"What?"
	"He's one of the guys who goes after the cherries. Well, he used to. I think he's kind of tapered off because he's gotten older. I remember one summer though he claimed to have popped six cherries, which is a lot considering that there's usually only one cabin of older girls."




Three



The sun set and things got dark. They lit a campfire and everyone gathered around it and told stories. It was kind of nice, really. Most of the councillors were veterans. Only me, Laurie, Mike, and another guy called Paul were newbies.
	We went back to our cabins then. Us girls in one, the guys in another...way across at the other end of camp. We all undressed and got into our bunk beds, gossiping and chatting happily. Then the lights went out.
	Something like an hour later I woke up to find a hand over my mouth. I almost had a heart attack, but then I saw Shannon standing over me, and behind her a couple of other girls. She held her finger over her lips then took her hand away and motioned me to get out of bed.
	I saw that the whole cabin was awake, and the girls were all grinning at me and Laurie. I knew right away there was going to be some kind of initiation. We put on our clothes, and then all of us headed outside. We snuck through the camp to the parking area, where Caitlin started a van and we all piled in.
	She drove down the dirt road to the highway, then pulled over and stopped, and we all got out. Me and Laurie stood together as the other five girls encircled us.
	"Okay, now here's the drill you virgins," she said. "It's time to lose your cherries."
	"So to speak," Shannon said.
	"Yeah. It's time for the initiation ceremony."
	"Right," Annie said.
	"What is it?" I asked warily.
	"Nothing painful," she smiled.
	"Oh, no. Nothing painful," Shannon said.
	"Why would we do anything painful when instead we could do something degrading?" Caitlin grinned.
	"How degrading?" Laurie asked warily.
	"Well, that depends on how good you are in the woods," Donna said.
	"Huh?"
	"Strip. Naked. Except for your shoes."
	Me and Laurie looked at each other, then at the other girls.
	"What happens if we don't?" Laurie frowned.
	"You'll become a non person. Nobody will speak to you."
	Me and Laurie stripped, a bit embarrassed to have the other girls staring at us, then we stood there naked as Shannon and Caitlin got a big can of paint out of the van. They popped the lid, and then stuck their hands in it.
	"This is white body paint," Shannon said. "It's watered based, so all you need to get it off is a little soap and water."
	They began slathering the stuff over me and Laurie, starting on our shoulders and rubbing it all up and down our backs and arms and legs and bellies...they had me and Laurie spread it over our tits and pussies ourselves, though.
	They didn't put any above our shoulders though. The reason for that was soon evident when they had us tie our hair up tight in buns, then put these odd leather masks over our faces and heads. They completely covered our heads, and had only small eye holes, slits under our noses, and a mouth hole.
	Then they all stood back, grinning. Shannon turned on a flashlight and shone it on us. I closed my eyes quickly, but not before I saw that the light really reflected off me and Laurie.
	"Oh, we forgot to mention, the body paint glows in the dark when exposed to light, and is reflective. Any light that hits you will light you up like a candle.
	"Why?" Laurie asked uncomfortably.
	"Ahh, to make things more interesting, of course," Shannon grinned.
	"Okay, here's the deal, you virgins," Caitlin said. "Your task is to get back to camp, go through the camp to the lake or showers and wash this shit off you, then get back to our cabin."
	"Sound easy?" Shannon grinned.
	I shrugged.
	"Do you remember the town of Vernon," Annie, a short haired brunette asked.
	"No," I said.
	"My bus passed through it," Laurie said.
	"There's a few bars there we sneak out to sometimes," Annie said.
	"So?"
	"Each year we pick half a dozen or so guys we know from Vernon, and tell them about our little ceremony."
	"And so they're all out there in the woods, waiting for you," Caitlin leered.
	"With flashlights."
	"And big hard cocks."
	"This is a joke, right?"
	"Any guy that catches you can have you."
	"No way!" Laurie said.
	"Well, that's the theory," Shannon said. "But, we do have a very strict rule which the guys all know about."
	"You have to bark like a dog," one of the girls said.
	"Excuse me?"
	"If they catch you, you can give them one of these."
	Me and Laurie were each handed four small bars of soap.
	"If they catch you, you can give them one of these instead of screwing them."
	"And, bark like a dog, They'll leave you alone then."
	"Bark?"
	"Like a dog."
	"Like a bitch dog."
	"If you bark like a dog and give them a little bar of soap they'll back off."
	"If you don't they'll pop your cherry," Shannon leered."
	"And nobody will know about it," Annie said.
	"They don't know your names."
	"And never will."
	“And don’t know what you look like.”
	"Don't talk to them. Don't say anything. Just have fun and then continue on to the camp."
	"I'm not screwing some guy I don't even know!" Laurie snapped.
	"You don't have to," Caitlin said. 
	"But you do have to make it to the cabin. One way or the other."
	"Uh, there are only four bars of soap. How many guys are there?"
	"Eight."
	Me and Laurie looked at each other again.
	"There's a reward for each bar of soap you save."
	"What?"
	"You'll find out," she grinned lewdly.
	"But what if we get caught more than more than four times?" Laurie asked timidly.
	"If you're clumsy enough to get caught four times, then you'd better make sure you don't get caught a fifth," Shannon giggled.
	"Actually, you better not get caught more than three times you won't have any soap left to wash off with."
	"So you'll have to crawl into the cabin on all fours and sit up and beg for a bar of soap. One of us might give you one."
	"And forget about the showers, they're locked at night."
	Shannon took my arm and led me to the right side of the road, then gave me a small penlight and pushed. Meanwhile Caitlin led Laurie to the other side of the road and pushed her into the brush.
	"Best advise I can give you is to stay clear of the road," one of the girls called. "And keep low."
	I moved slowly into the woods, holding the four bars of soap in one hand and the flashlight in the other. It was really dark in the woods, but I could see a little since my eyes had adjusted to the dark. I decided the flashlight wouldn't do anything more than give me away, so kept it turned off.
	I moved slowly, trying to keep really quite. I wasn't sure if they were telling the truth about putting a bunch of guys in the woods, but being naked, and my body painted bright white, I wasn't intending to find out soon.
	On the other hand, the thought of having sex with a guy, a complete stranger who would never see my face, and never be able to tell anyone I knew that he'd fucked me, well, that was exciting. Talk about one night stands!
	I moved in the general direction of the camp, but swung out wide, thinking I'd come in on the other side. It would take longer, but no doubt be a lot safer. I didn't want some strange guy to see me all naked. Talk about embarrassing!
	On the other hand, I was really horny. My nipples were stiff as little pebbles. I was outside in the dark, all naked and brightly coloured for anyone to see. The idea that some man was hunting me, hoping to get a look at my naked body, or maybe even get to fuck me was a big turn-on too.
 	Every time I heard a sound I stopped and squatted down low, waiting. Then I'd get up and slowly move forward again. I saw a light flashing off to my left and ducked low, hiding behind a bush, my heart pounding. I didn't know if it really was a guy out there, or the other girls screwing around.
	After waiting a few minutes I got up and started moving again. I rubbed at the paint, but it had dried quickly, and now I could hardly feel it. It was amazing, really.
	Then a bright light lit me up from the side. I screamed in surprise, and then started running away from it. I heard a male voice cry out in triumph, and heard his feet pounding on the ground behind me as I ran through the woods.
	My heart was pounding, and my chest heaving, and I was wondering what in the hell I was going to do. I still had the four bars of soap, and I could give him that and bark, but... but... I wasn't thinking of that really. I was thinking that I was NAKED, and this strange guy was chasing after me! I had to hide somewhere so he couldn't see me!"
	Then I tripped over a stick and went sprawling end over end. I lay on the ground, chest heaving as he stood over me, leering.
	He was a big man, with short hair and a powerfully built body. He was good looking, but smelled of booze, and looked to be in his mid to late thirties.
	"Woah," he groaned. "What a cunt!"
	He dropped to his knees beside me as I cowered back and tried to cover myself with my hands, but he grabbed my wrists and pushed them back against the ground above my head as he leaned over me.
	I didn't even think about the soaps, or barking, or making him leave. I was in shock that this complete stranger was seeing me all naked like this, and... And... I didn't know what to do. I was glad of the mask over my face, glad he couldn't see who I was...
	"What a fuckin body!" he growled, dropping himself atop me.
	I gasped as his hand came down on my left breast and his fingers dug in. Then his mouth crushed mine as he ground his pelvis into me. I was high and getting higher, and though I never made any decision to have sex with him, I didn't do anything but lay there as he pawed and groped and fondled my naked flesh, then unzipped his pants.
	Fuck! My mind was soaring. Was I gonna let some strange guy just fuck me like this!? Fuck!
	The dirt and grass and leaves under were cold under my flesh, and were digging into my back and buttocks as his weight crushed me down, but I hardly noticed. All my concentration was on him as he pressed his cock against my pussy hole. I couldn't see it, but I could feel it as my sex lips were slowly forced apart and the thick cock slid inside.
	I was breathing so fast my head was spinning. Then I cried out in shock as his cock thrust into me and drove deep. His lips crushed mine again, and his tongue pushed into my mouth as he drew back slightly, then thrust in deeper, harder.
	I groaned into his mouth as his thighs settled down against mine and his cock was forced into me to the hilt. I felt his balls pressing against my cold buttocks as he groped my breast and kissed me with bruising passion.
	It was so... so... wild... so... animalistic. I felt like a wild creature; felt raw, carnal sexual heat just... just pouring into me! This... male was atop me... mounting me, thrusting his hard man cock down into my belly with furious, lust-crazed movements. He was growling and panting and cursing as his lips crushed mine.
	I felt his hot breath on me, his wet tongue shooting into my mouth as he ground his hard, hairy hips into my soft, splayed thighs. I felt his rough hands pawing and groping at my flesh as he humped into me, felt his cock thrusting.... just... just thrusting into me like a piston.... tearing back and forth inside my belly.
	My mind was spinning. I was dazed, boiling like a bubbling cauldron. I couldn't speak, couldn't gather my scattered wits together enough to speak even if I wanted to.
	And I didn't want to anyway.
	I didn't want to do anything. I didn't care about anything... ANYTHING, but that heavy, grunting, musky scented male body thrusting his big cock into my pussy tunnel. I was dazed, staggered by the massive power of the sexual energy rippling up and down my spine.
	I didn't try to fight him off. I didn't want to fight him off. With what tiny control of my body remained I spread my legs, inching them further and further apart until the tendons in my thighs stretched and ached and burned.
	I grunted repeatedly as he drove his thick, spiked cock up into my belly, grunted dazedly as I lay there, hands on the ground above me, legs splayed, chest heaving, grunted as he crushed his lips against mine, mauled my breasts, dug his fingers into my flanks.
	My soft ass was grinding faster and faster against the dirt and twigs and leaves underneath me as I began to shake and tremble and hump up against this...this man who was fucking me, fucking me so... so hard... soooo... haard.
	I came.
	It was a sudden blast wave of sexual pleasure, an explosion of ecstasy that tore through my body and mind and shattered what little mental faculties I had left. I stiffened, and then arched my back violently, again and again, even lifting him upwards with me. My head jerked from side to side, thrashing and rolling as I gurgled insanely. My feet flopped and bounced on the ground as my body was wracked by convulsions.
	And all the while that big cock was driving into me, again, and again, and again, and again...
	I almost blacked out. Sparkly lights appeared before my eyes. I hardly noticed him getting off me, pulling his softening cock free of my pussy slit, and then staggering away.
	I lay there for long minutes, chest heaving, panting for breath, body exhausted by the power that hat ripped through my nervous system.
	Finally I managed to draw my legs together. My thighs ached, and my pussy was sore as I slowly sat up. My breasts felt bruised, and I tasted blood on my lips.
	I groaned and tried to stand up. I lost my balance and fell down. I got up again, and then dropped to my knees. My head ached. I put my head down and waited for a few minutes then crawled over to where the little flashlight had fallen. 
	I turned it on, blinking and squinting as I searched for the little bars of soap. I found them all, then turned off the flashlight and got to my feet again. I stumbled off towards camp, feeling like I'd just run a marathon. All my muscles ached.
	I'd never had a sexual experience like that before, never felt that level of sexual arousal, that level of ecstasy. The closest had been with Val.
	My mind was working a little better, and I tried to figure out what had given me these two fantastic sexual experiences on the same day. 
	I wasn't any slut, but I'd had a few sexual experiences before, after all. I mean, I'd been jerked off a dozen times by guys as we petted and made out in cars. I'd been fucked lots of times. Well, mostly by this one guy I dated for a year, but also by a couple of other guys.
	Nothing had come close to what I'd felt with both Val and... And... Whoever that man was. I tried to figure out why that was.
	Well, for one thing they were both older than anyone I'd had sex with before. In Val's case, that meant she knew more about sex, how to touch me, to lick me, than any of my other partners, but that didn't account for the guy, who'd been just as crude and rough as anyone who'd ever fucked me.
	Of course, nobody had ever just... just fucked me like that before. I was already hypersexual from being outdoors all naked, and my body had been gripped by tension...
	Like it had been with Val. Both times I'd been so... excruciatingly aware of how... how slutty and daring I was being. Both times had been.... well, way out of line, if I could use that term. Anyone I knew would have been shocked if they'd known.
	Was that it? Was it the shock value of what was happening that set me off? Was it doing something incredibly slutty and forbidden? Was that what blew me away so badly?
	And just incidentally, what was I going to do now?
	I was still naked, still in the woods, and still being hunted by... by... other... men... who wanted to fuck me. 
	And as that thought flitted across my mind I felt a sudden tingling heat between my legs. I swallowed repeatedly, and my heart skipped a beat as I looked around. I stopped where I was.
	Did I want someone else to grab me, to fuck me? No, of course I... Of course I...
	I did.
	I wanted it. I didn't want it, but I wanted it.
	I trembled at the thought. What was happening to me? Why had I even agreed to this in the first place? Was I going crazy? What kind of a cheap whore was I anyway?
	But they didn't now me. Even if they did they didn't know my family, my friends. Why couldn't I play the slut out here, far from home? I was a... I was a hot... sexy... beautiful woman with a great body. Men had been lusting after me for years, and I after them.
	I started forward again, moving faster. I flicked on the light and pointed it ahead of me. I swung it back and forth, illuminating my way. My heart was pounding as I listened for every sound around me, waiting for another man to attack me, to fuck me.
	Where were they? Where the hell were they? I was both impatient and fearful? What would they be like? What would they do to me? Would they be big and strong like that last guy? Would I...
	A light flashed on me from almost directly in front. I froze. I saw a shadow approaching, and backed up. Then I turned and ran. I felt I had to pretend at least, had to give the show that I was... I was... not... willingly giving in to this.
	I heard him racing after me, heard his heavy panting breath. Then his hand grabbed my arm. I let him pull me to a halt, drag me back. His arms went around me as he dragged me against him. I struggled... though not much, and then fell forward, dragging him down with me.
	Fell forward.
	Onto my knees.
	My hands and knees.
	I shuddered as the heat flared within my loins, as my breasts swelled to painful tautness. I felt his hands sliding under to cup my breasts, and groaned helplessly as they mashed the soft, sensitive meat up against my ribs. I felt his bulging erection against my behind, and heard him curse as he fumbled with his zipper.
	Fuck me, I wanted to say. Fuck me!
	But I didn't. I knelt there trembling as he jerked his pants down and took out his penis. I closed my eyes as I felt it's warmth against my flesh, felt it pressing against my sex. I shifted my knees apart, raising my ass.
	"Fuck," he gasped.
	Yes, I moaned to myself. Give it to me! Put it inside me!
	I felt it stab against my thigh, then against my pussy crack. He gripped it with his fingers and rubbed it up and down against my crack, then forced it through my tight lips and into my pussy.
	I clenched my teeth, but couldn't help letting out along, quavering groan as he thrust his cock up into my body. I felt so hot, so...so burning hot. I wondered why I didn't burn him. I felt like I was radiating heat, like I was burning up.
	The lust was tearing at my guts, churning them into a frothing, steaming pressure cooker, and only that thick slab of man cock inside me could relieve the pressure. 
	"Oh man!" he gasped, his hands sliding under to cup my breasts again as he ground himself into my buttocks.
	I groaned in response.
	He drew his cock back, and then thrust it forward again, hard, deep. I grunted in pleasure.
	He bit at the nape of my neck as he ground himself against me, then straightened up, his hands sliding down onto my hips as he pulled his cock all the way back down my pussy. He started pumping me then, pumping with long, steady, hard motions.
	His cock pumped inside me, caressing my silky pink flesh, sawing back and forth between my pussy lips, making my clitoris tremble and quiver.
	His hands shifted upwards onto my shoulders, and he jerked me backwards to meet his thrust. I willingly submitted. I threw my hips backwards to meet his driving hips, grunting under the impact as the sound of flesh on flesh filled the air.
	I was on all fours, being fucked like a bitch in heat, knees and toes and fingers in the dirt as a strange man mounted me and drove his cock home in my belly.
	He fucked faster, harder, and both of us grunted each time he sank his thick boner home inside me, each time his hips smashed into my round buttocks. We were alone in the world, alone in the darkness, enveloped in a hot, roaring vortex of sexual energy.
	We were maddened creatures caught up in our passion, caught up in our lusts, crazed by our own burning desire. 
	I came, came with a long, quavering cry of pleasure that was undeniable, that was so powerful it blotted out the world. Nothing mattered but the pleasure. Nothing.
	And the pleasure was overwhelming. It blasted through me like a hurricane, shaking me to the core of my being. My head bobbed up and down as the energy seared my body and mind, and my brain rattled around inside, drowning in sexual heat.
	It passed... finally... and my head sank down low.
	He continued to pound his cock into me, but I was almost unconscious of it. He finished with a final flurry of thrusts, and then eased back on his heels. He stroked my buttocks, and then squeezed my pussy before pulling his pants back up and moving off.
	I sank down, and then rolled onto my side on the ground, my hands sliding down my perspiring body to cup my hot, sore pussy mound as I tried to regain my breath.
	So goood, I thought to myself. It had been soooo goooood.




Four



I got my breath back and found the soaps and flashlight, then staggered forward again. After the two powerful orgasms I was too tired to really think about getting fucked again. I mean, I was so... so confused and flustered, wondering what I was doing, trying to justify it to myself.
	I had fucked two total strangers, wildly, lewdly, crudely. They had fucked me and I didn't even know their names.
	Yet, instead of guilt, what I was mostly concerned with was whether the other girls would find out. Would those men who'd fucked me tell them? Would word get out about what a total whore I was? I had no illusions about them being able to describe me. There were only two naked girls in the woods tonight, and nobody would mistake my body for Laurie's.
	Had all the other girls gone through this? Had Shannon? What had they done? Had they let the men fuck them, or had they given them the little soap bars?
	I heard a sound ahead and paused, crouching low. I saw a small light, and licked my lips anxiously. Then I slowly moved towards it, my pussy starting to heat up again. I was tired, but my body seemed insatiable tonight.
	I eased up to a thick bush and peered over it. There were two guys on the other side. Neither showed any interest in me. One was on the ground, fucking Laurie, while the other knelt holding his flashlight on the scene.
	Laurie was on her back with her legs shoved up and back against her chest, her ass raised upwards. The guy fucking her was pounding his hips down against her upturned bottom while his cock pistoned in her pussy. Laurie was grunting like a hog as his boner jammed down into her.
	I felt excited, jealous, relieved, disappointed... a whole bunch of emotions ran through my head. I was glad I wasn't the only slut, the only one who was cheap enough to get fucked instead of giving up the soap bars. On the other hand I was disappointed that what I'd thought was going to be another guy to fuck me was just Laurie getting herself done instead.
	I thought about going forward and taking on the other guy, but that somehow didn't seem right. Not only would it take someone who really belonged to her, but it wouldn't have the right... the right... sense of... danger, of excitement. I wanted to be chased, not stroll up naked and grab the guy.
	I backed off and moved around them, then carried on towards the camp. I didn't try to keep quiet, and used my little flashlight liberally, but didn't catch sight of anyone else. 
	Then the camp was ahead of me. I stepped out onto the open grass of the soccer field and paused fearfully. If I went straight through the camp someone might see me. Of course, they wouldn't know who I was, so that could be kind of neat.
	I'd never really been an exhibitionist before. I didn't really want them to see me. The thrill that they might, however, was kind of a big turn-on. I moved forward, walking quickly, but not running.
	I crossed the field and came in among the cabins. I was moving quickly, nervously, excitedly. My nipples were so hard I thought they'd explode. I was walking stark naked through the middle of the camp, with people sleeping all around me. I walked past the main lodge, then up the winding path to the female counsellors' cabin.
	When I got there I was kind of disappointed. I mean, nobody had caught me. It was then I remembered I had to wash myself off. Well, the logical place to do it was the lake, that place where Shannon had told me people skinny-dipped. I passed the cabin and went into the woods, then edged through the bushes and down to the water.
	I stepped into the water, dropping three of the soap bars on a rock with the flashlight, then dove in and under the water. It was cold, and I gasped and sputtered as I came up for air. The mask just felt... wrong, so I peeled it off and tossed it ashore, then started washing myself with the soap.
	I washed my face and hair too, because I'd sweated like a pig under the mask. I hurried, but wanted to be so clean that I washed and rinsed myself a couple of times. Finally I walked out of the water, squeezing my hair dry behind my head as the water dripped from me.
	I picked up the soaps, mask, and flashlight and padded naked through the woods to the cabin. I was being very careful now, since I had no mask on. I didn't want anybody to see me naked, well, anybody I didn't want to. I made it to the cabin, though and pulled the door open.
	There was no light at first, but as I stepped inside a light was light and several of the girls rolled out of their beds to look at me. I dropped the four bars of soap onto the table as they all got up and gathered around.
	Oddly, I felt aroused. I mean, they were just girls too, but, after what I'd been through, and after my experiences with Val today, I felt really turned on at being naked around them, especially because they were all dressed, at least in underwear or nighties.
	"So you never got caught, huh?" Caitlin asked with a grin.
	I shrugged, not saying.
	"Maybe she got caught and decided she didn't mind," one of the other girls grinned.
	"Hey, we don't ask, remember?" Shannon said.
	"So what's my reward?" I grinned.
	"Each bar you have buys you a week of slavery from one of us," she said.
	"So I get a month of slaves?" I smiled.
	"Yeah, four different girls, or the same one for a month. It's your choice."
	"And these slaves have to do anything I tell them?"
	"Anything within reason."
	I went over to my bed and got a towel to dry off my hair, and then slipped on a dressing gown... it was chilly after all.
	"I'm sure I can find lots of interesting things for a slave girl to do," I said, deliberately provocative.
	"I wonder where Laurie is," one of the girls said.
	"Probably lost," I said.
	Just then she showed up, looking a bit shaky. She was still all white, and still had her mask on as she fell to her knees.
	"Well, look who's here," Caitlin said.
	"Have fun?" Shannon asked.
	"I... I... ne... Need some soap," she gasped.
	"What happened to yours?"
	"Don't tell me you got caught four times. Talk about clumsy."
	"I-I lost them. I dropped them," she gulped, getting to her feet.
	And I thought I knew when, too. Though, I suppose others could have caught her before then.
	"Get back on your knees, dog," one of the girls ordered.
	Laurie slowly sank to her knees as the other girls surrounded her.
	"Bad dog," one said.
	"Coming home all dirty and smelly like this. I think the dirty little bitch needs a bath," Shannon said.
	"Yeah. Time to wash the dog," another girl said.
	They made Laurie crawl across the cabin on all fours to where a big tub of water was laying. I hadn't even noticed it before. They took off her mask and made her get into the tub and kneel on all fours while they gathered around her.
	They petted her head and talked to her like she was a dog, then all of them picked up bars of soap and began to wash her like she was a dog. I got excited watching, though I didn't think Laurie was. She looked incredibly embarrassed as she knelt there, feeling their hands sliding over her ass and in between her legs, and over her breasts, hearing them calling her dirty dog, and nasty little bitch. They even slapped her ass a couple of times and made her bark.
	I joined in too, finding a space to kneel and rubbing my hand over her buttocks as she knelt there miserably, head down. I slid my hand between her legs and rubbed it over her pussy, then gave it a squeeze that made her flinch.
	Then the fun was over, though. We had to get some sleep because tomorrow was an early day. I, for one, had a hard time falling asleep, though, despite my exhaustion. The events of the day were all so shocking. Even taken alone, each incident would have been the highlight of any other month.
	I finally fell asleep, though, only to be wakened the next instant; it seemed, by some stupid bugle blowing over the PA system. I joined the other girls in a group as we padded down to the showers. I needed to wash my hair again since I hadn't really been able to do anything with it the other night.
	We all got naked inside the little shack and stood together under the various showerheads, soaping up and rinsing off. I compared bodies, looking at everyone out of the corner of my eye. Laurie seemed a bit shy about her nudity, even though everyone had seen her the other night.
	Shannon was as unconcerned with anyone seeing her as it was possible to be. Of course, with her body she had every reason not to be bothered. 
	Caitlin, the redhead, also had a terrific body, with firm, round breasts. She looked extremely athletic, and I could see the muscles shifting below her arms and legs and belly as she moved. 
	I let my glance move on to little Annie, who was barely five feet tall. She had short brown hair, and a petite, but very nice body. Donna was a blonde, but a fake one. She had long hair that came halfway down her back, a slim, boyish ass, and long, loooong legs. Her tits were small and cone shaped, like Val.
	Holly was also a blonde, as was Kelly. They both had shoulder length hair, but Kelly's was absolutely straight, while Holly's was curly. Both had good, but average bodies.
	Then there was Amber. She was short like Annie, but not nearly so petite. She had simply enormous breasts. Well, maybe they looked extra big because she was so short. She was short, and skinny all over, except for those huge breasts. 
	They looked like thirty-eight Ds, or maybe even double Ds. On her they were just...well, just huge. It was amazing she could walk around without a cart to hold them up. She had a curly, unruly mass of brown hair, and was always smiling and happy and bouncy (no pun intended).
	As she stood under the water and arched her back, bringing her hands behind her head to let the water pour down on her chest, I couldn't help but feel a wave of excitement at how those fat breasts stood out. I wanted to feel them against my own.
	We did our hair, and then went back to the cabin, got dressed...mostly in cut-offs and tank tops, and trooped over to the lodge for breakfast with the guys and the Horners. Then it was out to fix things up for the campers who'd come the next day.
	There was hammering, painting, dusting, cleaning. We worked all morning, had a break for lunch, and then worked all afternoon. It was the most work I'd ever done in a single day in my life. Nobody had time for much fun. We showered again after dinner and went to bed.
	We were up early the next day as the parents arrived with their little brats in tow. My cabin, the one I was responsible for, was called Eagle cabin. All the cabins had dumb names like that. The Horner's gave me a little band with a feather sticking up from the back to wear on my head.
	I tore the father off the band and tossed the band away, then wound a few strands of hair around the stem of the feather and let it hang from my hair. The others mostly had strings around their necks with things like a wolf head, a turtle, a monkey... you get the idea.
	Shannon had joked about wearing a cherry around her neck. As one of the most experienced counsellors, she had the older girls in her cabin. 
	The girls I had were all nine and ten year olds. I greeted them all and helped them settle in and unpack, then told them some of the rules and some of the things they'd be doing. A few were bored with that, since they'd been here before, but most listened intently.
	Then one of the veteran girls brought up the communal showers, and all of them were protesting and saying they weren't going near the things. That took a while to deal with, especially since the girls who'd been here before took a great deal of joy in telling the others about spiders and snakes, and peeping boys.
	I had to lead them over to the showers to show them that there weren't any spiders or snakes at least. As for boys, I promised someone would guard the door all the time.
	Then we all trooped down to the lodge for a speech by the Horners. Then it was time to say goodbye to parents. Shannon joined me and asked me how things went. 	"How about your cherries?" I asked.
	"Only a couple seem really smart mouthed for now," she shrugged. "I suppose I'll survive."
	"Well, a woman your age should be able to cope," I grinned.
	She punched me in the arm, and then pointed at the side of a cabin, where Chris was standing talking to what looked like one of Shannon's cherries. The girl had long, strawberry blonde hair pulled back in a loose pony tail. She had thin, coltish legs sprouting from her tight denim shorts. Her ass was round, as were her amazingly high breasts. She had a few freckles on the bridge of her nose, and bright blue eyes which gazed up at him with adoration.
	"Chris isn't losing any time," she said.
	"Isn't he a bit old for her?" I said, gazing disapprovingly.
	"She's not much younger than you, and you've shown interest in him," she grinned.
	"I'm more experienced than her," I said.
	"How do you know? You think you can tell just from looking whether a girl is a virgin or not?"
	"Sometimes," I said.
	She snorted.
	"You watch your mouth, slave girl," I glared. "I'll teach you more respect for your master when you're back at our cabin tonight."
	"Oooh, I'm scared," she grinned. "You gonna spank me?"
	The words made my pussy buzz. I wondered if she'd used them deliberately. Was she bi?
	"You can do my share of the cabin cleaning, for one thing," I said.
	She stuck her tongue out.

	I put my kids to bed at eight. Shannon didn't put hers to bed then. They had until nine-thirty on the first night, nine after that. She came back to the cabin, anyway, since her “kids” didn't exactly need a babysitter.
	It was still light, so I decided I'd like to go canoeing, and decided that it would be nice if I didn't have to do the paddling. Shannon glowered unhappily, but she trudged off obediently to the dock and we took a canoe out on the lake.
	I sat back and let my fingers trail in the water as she did all the work. I noticed what looked like a group of cabins on the other side and sat up a bit straighter.
	"What's that?" I asked.
	"It's a camp for alcoholics."
	"Really?" I laughed.
	"They come here to get away from the booze. They chop on wood and do some swimming and talk about shit," she shrugged.
	"Any women?"
	"No. All men. We're not allowed to go close to it."
	"Hey, who's the master and who's the slave?" I demanded.
	She shrugged and paddled closer.
	"Let's go ashore."
	"We're not supposed to."
	"Do it anyway."
	She paddled close to shore, away from the camp, and let the bow slide onto a beach.
	"Okay, get out," I grinned.
	"Why?" she asked suspiciously.
	"Because you're a slave and do what you're told."
	She glared, and then climbed out of the canoe and onto shore.
	"Now take off your clothes and toss them to me."
	"No way."
	"You're my slave," I said, grinning.
	She licked her lips and looked around, then shrugged and pulled off her tank top, slipped her cut-offs down, and tossed them to me.
	"Undies too," I grinned.
	She made another face, and then took off her bra and panties.
	"I think you knew this camp was here," she said.
	"Now push my canoe off."
	"What am I supposed to do?" she demanded.
	"Guess."
	She glared again. "I suppose you'll be waiting on the other side of the camp?"
	"Bingo," I said. "Oh, here." I tossed her one of the masks and she caught it. "You can put that on. Oh, and uh, I want you to go through the middle of camp. No circling around it."
	"Forget it!"
	"If you don't I won't pick you up," I grinned, back paddling away from the shore.
	"You can always try and circle the whole lake," I called. "But it'll be dark soon."
	"Bitch!" she called.
	"I'll be watching the camp. I want to see that round ass of yours running through it."
	I paddled quickly out into the lake and then turned towards the camp. I was wearing a cowboy hat and glasses, and had my hair up under the hat as I paddled past the camp, about fifty yards off shore. I stopped paddling and watched.
	The camp was far from empty. There were people sitting together on porch steps, walking back and forth carrying stuff, sitting on the dock. The guys on the dock waved at me.
	I paddled a bit more so I was past the camp, but could still see it all, then moved a bit closer into shore. Then I saw her. It was still completely light out, and though her head was covered by the mask, there was no mistaking those perfect breasts as she raced through the middle of the camp.
	I laughed in delight as I saw all the men turning to look at her, heard their cries of delight and shock. A few even made half-hearted grabs as she passed. None chased her, though, as she raced through the camp and out the other side.
	I paddled quickly to shore, and reached the beach just as she got there. She shoved the canoe back and jumped in, and we both paddled quickly away and out into the lake. Several men burst out of the bushes behind us, but they didn't call out to us.
	"Friends of yours?" I asked sweetly.
	"I think... they're... counsellors," she panted, paddling quickly.
	"You should've stopped and said hello."
	"Fuck you!" she gasped.
	I laughed and we continued to paddle across the water.
	When we were well away from the camp I took my paddle out of the water and turned to face her. She slowed her own paddling, then jerked the mask off and tossed it down. Her chest was heaving as she slumped back on the seat, letting her head fall behind her.
	Her breasts stuck up hard and round, glistening with a faint sheen of sweat. Her nipples were thickly erect, like hard little raspberries. Her legs were spread as she let herself slump back, and I could see her crack in the thin bush between her legs.
	She had pulled her own paddle out of the water, and it lay between her legs, looking almost like an oversized dildo.
	"Are you gonna use that for paddling, or fucking," I said, pointing at it. 
	She raised her tired head and looked down, then snorted in amusement. She pulled the thick wooden paddle against her pussy and rubbed it up and down as she leered at me.
	"Think I could get it inside?" 
	"Want me to order you to try?"
	"Maybe you'd like me to do you," she said, holding the paddle like a cock instead, pointing it at me.
	"Too small," I said.
	She sniffed derisively.
	"I knew a girl who could touch her nose with her tongue once. How's yours?"
	I almost bit my own tongue.
	She gave me this look of half amusement, half excitement, and both of us kind of looked at each other for a moment.
	"Try it," she challenged.
	I was sitting facing her. I grinned. Giving her the same challenging look, and spread my legs, leaning back on my hands like she was doing. She flicked her eyes up and down, the challenging look still in them, mixed with amusement.
	Then she sat forward and slipped off her seat and onto the floor of the canoe. I swallowed nervously as she knelt right in front of me. She raised her hands and I looked down, feeling butterflies in my stomach as her fingers unsnapped the front of my cut-offs.
	She tugged down the zipper, and then her hands gripped the waistband and tugged it down hard. I automatically raised my ass a bit, and she tugged off my cut-offs, pulling them down my legs and off. I was naked beneath, and blushed as she gazed at my pussy.
	I was a bit stricken, fearing she was testing me, that if I didn't announce that I was just kidding before she did, she'd know for sure I was a dyke and tell everyone.
	But she didn't stop. I kept expecting her to stop and turn away with some snide joke, but she looked at my naked pussy, and then bent forward, sliding her hands up and down my thighs. My heart was pounding as I looked around, then down at her.
	She eased in and I slumped back as her mouth came up against my snatch. Then her tongue flicked out and lapped against my pussy crack. Her fingers caressed my thighs and buttocks as her tongue licked strongly up and down my pussy cleft.
	Then her thumbs pulled my lips open and her tongue began to lick up and down against my gaping pink opening. There was no doubt any longer, but my heart was still pounding as I sat back. I reached down and gripped the bikini top I was wearing, undoing it and tossing it behind me.
	Then I kind of lay back on my seat, my arms going over the sides of the canoe as I spread my legs and draped them over the sides as well. Shannon licked strongly over my clitty, and then drove her tongue into my hole, slithering and slurping as her lips pressed against me.
	Off to the side, a motorboat moved past us, tiny in the distance. I could hear the sounds coming from our camp as we gently bobbed in the water.
	Shannon's tongue moved up over my clitty and began to caress it as her fingers stroked along my puss. I felt myself entered, felt her fingers sliding up into my hole, and then pumping in and out as her lips sucked on my clitty.
	The sexual heat was a bonfire between my legs, and I was grinding and humping up at her with helpless excitement, my ass rising and falling, coming completely off the seat as I jammed my boiling pussy against her mouth.
	She sucked and slurped on my clitty as she pumped my pussy with her fingers. Then I felt another finger prodding at my anus. I gasped in shock, and then came as it entered me, bucking up wildly, gasping in ragged ecstasy as the pleasure screamed along my every nerve and sinew.
	I fell back onto the bottom of the canoe, only my legs remaining draped across the sides. Shannon slid atop me, her lips moving up my body as she stroked and squeezed my breasts. She groaned hungrily as she fastened her lips around my nipples.
	She mashed both my breasts with her fingers, kneading and massaging and caressing my super sensitive melons as her teeth gnawed and chewed, and her lips sucked and kissed, and her tongue rasped and stroked across them.
	I could only lay there in exhausted pleasure as her mouth and hands worked my breasts over with expert care. Then, as her thigh slipped in between mine and rubbed against my pussy, I came, came with my breasts instead of my pussy.
	My chest seemed to explode. Both my breasts were churning and boiling over with lust and heat and pleasure as she sucked furiously on one of my nipples and her hands squeezed down hard, making my taut breast meat ooze out between her fingers.
	I bucked and bounced and shook below her as the second orgasm rolled over me, then I went limp, laying there tiredly as she eased a little further atop me and brought her lips down against my throat, then my own lips.
	I brought my arms around her, sliding my hands up and down her body as our breasts met. Mine were sore and wet from her lips, hers were dry and warm. They ground and mashed together as I drew my legs in and around her, and our lips moved together in passionate embrace.
	"Well this sure looks interesting," a voice said from above.
	We both gasped and rolled away to find a motorboat had come quietly up beside us. They must have cut their motor and paddled to get so close. There were two men inside, both of them wearing blue T-shirts that said, counsellor.
	"We wondered where the streaker had gone to," one said.
	"Saw this boat with nobody in it. Quite a coincidence," the other grinned.
	Both of them were fairly average looking, in their thirties I guess. Both of them were also quite obviously heterosexual, with bit boners in their bathing suits.
	Shannon and I were trying to cover ourselves with our hands and arms, both of us beet red from being caught like that. Neither of us said anything. I mean, what the hell was there to say?
	"I see this canoe is from Golden Lake summer camp," one said.
	"You two look a bit old to be campers."
	"We... we're counsellors," I gulped.
	"Are you now?"
	They exchanged looks, and then one of them leaned over and held out his hand towards us.
	"Come on aboard."
	"N... no thanks," I gulped.
	"Want us to tow you back to your camp?"
	"We... uh, we can make it on our own."
	"I don't think we can allow this. I mean, two girls come and flaunt themselves before all those poor alcoholics back there," he said, shaking his head sadly.
	"Pure spite," the other said. "Getting men all turned on like that just to run away."
	"Yeah, which one of you was it, anyway?"
	Shannon and I looked at each other, neither saying anything.
	"Well, it doesn't matter. You're both guilty. We'll have to bring you to Mr. Horner."
	"Please don't," I gulped.
	"Well, I think we have to," he said, shaking his head.
	Well, it was obviously what they wanted, what they'd demand to let us go without telling, and given what I'd done the other night, and what I'd just done... well... it was far preferable than being taken back to Horner.
	"Isn't there... something we can do... to make it up?" I asked, sitting up straight and pulling my arms away from my body.
	I felt flushed with embarrassment, but also heat. It was like before, the threat; the lewd carnal nature of what I was doing... it was all so... so erotic.
	"Maybe," one of them said slowly. "Why don't you come over to our boat and we'll discuss it?"
	I looked at Shannon, who was still beet red, and looked, surprisingly, terrified. Then I sat up and took the guy's hand. He helped me cross into their boat, which was roomier, and more stable than our canoe.
	I turned to see Shannon still cowering back.
	"Come on," one of the guys said.
	Shannon looked at me miserably, then, cupping her pussy with one hand, she snatched her clothes and crushed it against her body, trying to cover as much of herself as she could.
	"You won't need that," one of the guys leered.
	I was confused by her actions. I had been so sure she was...well, you know, way more experienced than me in sex. I wondered why she was acting so timid.
	She awkwardly came over, almost falling in the water when she wouldn't pull her hand away from her pussy or let go of her clothes. The guy caught her under the arms and pulled her onto their boat, then she stumbled back and sat down quickly, covering herself as she looked up at him with wide, frightened eyes.
	"Hey, we ain't that bad," one of the guys grinned.
	"Yeah, wanna beer," the other smiled.
	I went over and sat beside her.
	"Hey, it's not big deal," I whispered.
	"I-I can't," she gulped.
	"Why not?"
	"I'm a virgin."
	"What?" I gasped.
	"How about it, ladies?" one of the guys said.
	"Give us a second," I snapped.
	"You're a virgin?" I whispered.
	"I'm gay."
	"Uh, well."
	"I can't! I just can't! I can't do that! The idea of them putting their... of... of having them put their things inside me makes me want to throw up!"
	"It isn't that bad," I said. "It's actually kind of fun."
	"NO! I can't!" she hissed.
	"Uhm, guys, she's a virgin. She doesn't want to do anything."
	The guys frowned and looked at each other.
	"I uh, I think I can handle you both, though," I said.
	They smiled again.





Five


I was almost light-headed with excitement. I mean, fucking two guys at the same time, while someone watched! Aarggh! What had I become!? I was embarrassed, but that was minor compared to the heat burning between my legs.
	One of the men sat down on a seat and motioned me over, then jerked his bathing suit down to reveal a thick, hungry looking cock. Shannon stared at it, drawing back, but I moved forward, and then got down on my knees in front of him. I reached out and took his cock in my hands as he sat back, then leaned forward and kissed the head.
	The other man got down on the deck behind me, and I realized he wasn't going to wait like the two who'd done Laurie. He was going to do me at the same time! I almost fainted from the blast of sexual heat and lust that roared through my skull.
	Instead I took the man's cock and slipped my lips over the head, sucking gently as I felt the other man's hands on my hips. I bent lower, raising my ass and spreading my legs as I took more cock into my mouth.
	I squeezed his cock with my hands while I licked my tongue up and down against the underside of the head. I tasted his sweat and musk as I filled my mouth with saliva and eased further down its length.
	I felt the man behind me cupping my pussy and squeezing it. His fingers pinched my pussy lips a little, and then pulled them apart as a finger slid up inside me. I felt his hand stroke my buttocks as he took out his cock.
	Then I felt his cock rubbing against the soft skin of my bottom. He stroked the cock all over, and then pressed the shaft up against my pussy from underneath. He rubbed his shaft back and forth along my slit while reaching forward and underneath me to cup my right breast and squeeze it.
	Meanwhile I slid my mouth down the other man's cock as far as I could, almost gagging. I could see Shannon out of the corner of my eye, staring at me in shock and disgust, her eyes flicking back and forth between my lips and the guy behind me.
	I felt the guy behind me sliding his cock back then felt him press the head against my moist slit. He eased it inside easily, for I was still soaked from Shannon's licking and sucking.
	Then he drove it slowly, but firmly up into my trembling belly. I groaned around the cock filling my mouth as I felt it moving up into me. It was thick, and long, and it felt wonderful as it filled my pussy tunnel to the brim.
	It nudged against my cervix, and I trembled knowing I was full with cock. I sucked harder on the cock in my mouth as the man ran his fingers through my hair, and then reached down to cup my left breast. He squeezed it, mashing it in his fingers as the other man did the same to my right breast.
	I felt the man's hairy hips rubbing against my buttocks as he ground himself against me. His cock twisted around in my pussy sheath as my breathing became harsher and louder and more ragged. I bobbed my lips up and down, up and down, on the cock in my mouth, sucking as my tongue licked along the shaft.
	Then the man behind me began to slide his boner in and out of me, began fucking me. My mind spun with elated sexual heat. The realization of what I was doing, that I was kneeling between two strangers being fucked while I sucked another guy that Shannon was watching, that we were in an open boat and... And... ohhh.
	I came with a blast, shaking and writhing and bouncing wildly as the two men clamped their hands down and held me tightly. The man behind me started fucking hard, pounding his cock up into my spasming belly as my pussy sucked and squeezed and chewed on his cock.
	The guy in front jammed my head down and his cock thrust right up into my throat, filling it as my lips slid down to the base of his boner. I would have been shocked, even frightened if my scattered mind had been able to care.
	As it was I just writhed and shook and trembled, unable to process the information, too caught up in the sexual turmoil, the whirlwind of pleasure that was storming through my nervous system. I didn't care about anything but the pleasure, the wonderful, bone jarring pleasure that had taken over my body.
	The man gripped my head and was pulling me up and down on his cock, actually fucking my throat with his boner. The other guy was pounding his cock up my pussy sheath for all he was worth, cursing in shocked delight as he rode me through my wild orgasmic ride.
	And in the midst of my come they both came too, blowing their wads into my belly... though from different directions. I never even tasted the come of the guy I was sucking cause it went right down my throat without ever seeing my mouth.
	Luckily, he pulled out then, because I was just starting to recover my wits, just starting to pat at his belly as I realized I couldn't breathe, as I felt the discomfort in my throat.
	It came out of my throat like a cork from a bottle, and I gasped and gulped in air. The guy behind me had slowed his pumping as he calmed down, and as his cock softened he stopped entirely, groaning as he leaned over me, cupped my breasts, and bit the side of my throat.
	I sat back on my heels, holding my hand to my throat as I breathed, blinking my eyes dazedly as I looked over at Shannon.
	Her eyes were just as wide, and she was kind of curled up on the seat, her legs pulled up against her to hide her body from the men's gaze. She seemed kind of excited now, but still really anxious and embarrassed.
	"Man!" one of the men said.
	"Yeah," the other panted.
	There was silence for several moments, and then they turned and looked at her.
	"You know, considering that she was part of this I don't see why she should get off without paying anything," one of the men said.
	"Yeah, I ain't had a cherry in a long time."
	"I don't think you're in any position to do anything about that," I grinned, looking at his limp dick.
	He glared at me, and then laughed, and the other guy laughed too.
	"I still say she shouldn't be able to taunt those poor guys and then get off scott free."
	"Well what do you want her to do?" I asked.
	"Let her dance for us," one of the men grinned.
	"Yeah! Dance for us, baby. You can do that at least!" the other guy laughed.
	Shannon glared at them.
	"Of course you don't have to," one of the guys said. "We can let your girlfriend go and bring you back to see Mr. Horner. I see you've even got the mask there in the canoe."
	Shannon looked anxiously down at the canoe, then back at them.
	One of the men turned on a radio and motioned towards her.
	"Go on, dance. We promise not to fuck you."
	Shannon glared at him.
	"Oh, come on," I sighed. "It's no big deal. They've already seen everything you've got."
	"Yeah, seen you two fucking with each other," one of the men grinned.
	I was still feeling hot. I climbed to my feet and went over to her, then started dancing as I grinned down at her. I reached out for her and grabbed her, trying to pull her off the seat. At first she resisted, but then she let me get her to her feet and danced with me kind of half-heartedly.
	She tried to keep my body between her and the watching men, but I was feeling cocky and self-assured. I pulled her around and moved back so the guys had an unimpeded view of her. She automatically tried to cover herself, but then seemed to resign herself to them seeing her and danced openly.
	It wasn't very good dancing, though. She didn't seem to have any heart in the performance. I was doing the opposite, really getting into it, gyrating and humping and grinding myself at them, undulating my body as I ran my hands up over my head.
	I was posing like a real little cock-tease, arching my back, turning and bending and pushing out my ass, laughing in delight as I saw them staring at me, all filled with lust.
	"You call that dancing?" one of the men sneered at Shannon. "My dog dances better than that."
	I danced over to Shannon, danced in behind her and gripped her wrists, trying to do a dirty dancing thing with her. She resisted at first, but then gave in, and I pressed my body flat against her, sliding a hand around her to lay it flat on her belly as we danced together.
	We danced from side to side, and then I turned her around and pulled her in against me, breast to breast. I grinned at her, while she glared at me. I had one hand on her back, and the other on her shoulder as we danced. I slid my knee between her legs and kind of ground my thigh up into her pussy.
	"Let's see some of that dyke stuff," one of the guys said.
	"Yeah, we missed most of the performance before. Let's see the whole show," the other guy laughed.
	I was game, though I didn't think Shannon would be. Of course, I thought I might be able to persuade her.
	I slid both arms around her, pressing my body even tighter against her as we did the dirty dancing thing, then I slid my hands down onto her ass, digging my fingers into the soft flesh as she tried to pull away. 
	I kissed the side of her throat, then, when she pulled her head away bent and latched my lips around her left nipple. I sucked and chewed on it as she backed away. I let her pull me until she had backed against the side of the boat.
	Then I dropped down onto my knees in front of her, still clutching her buttocks as I licked at her pussy. She pushed ineffectually against my head, but I kept licking, then jerked my hands out from around her and gripped her thighs, forcing them open.
	I licked at her slit again, my thumbs going up and peeling her sex lips open to expose her pink flesh. She gasped, and again tried to push me away, but I mashed my lips into her pink meat and sucked hard as my tongue lapped hungrily.
	"Taylor!" she gasped.
	I kept licking, searching for her clit. I sucked on it as she continued to push against my head.
	"Taylor! Stop it!" she moaned.
	I licked harder, and sucked at her fuck button as I mashed my face in against her meat. She groaned and turned her head away from me, away from where the men were watching with so much interest. She trembled and shook as I sucked hard on her clit bud, then began to slowly hump against me.
	I could taste her juices. Had tasted them, in fact, the moment I'd shoved my tongue against her. Obviously, whether she was gay or not, she'd found the sight of me getting fucked and sucking cock really exciting.
	Now as I slurped on her clitty she stood there helplessly, unable to look at what I was doing, unable to turn her head to see the wide-eyed men grinning at her discomfort.
	I was excited though. It was the men watching, the doing something forbidden like this so openly. I stroked her clit with my tongue as I nibbled at her flesh, then I eased my tongue downwards and stuffed it up into her fuck tunnel as I rubbed my nose over her clitty.
	My hands slid upwards onto her breasts, squeezing and cupping them as she moaned and panted for breath.
	"Man! What a show!" One of the men groaned.
	"I'm gettin' all hard again," the other replied.
	That was fine with me, but I hoped they didn't want to waste their cocks on someone who wouldn't appreciate it.
	I sensed the men coming closer, and then they were beside me. They reached out and I felt their hands going over mine as they cupped Shannon's big, firm breasts. She just stared at them, her mouth open, her eyes blinking rapidly.
	I took my hands away from her tits and gripped each man's cock, squeezing them. I pulled my lips off Shannon's pussy and turned to my right, then sucked the man's cock into it, and quickly bobbed my lips up and down as I sucked hard.
	I pulled my mouth off and turned to my left, sucked that man's cock in and bobbed my lips up and down on it. I turned back to the other guy and sucked on his cock, noticing, as I did, that the guy was fingering Shannon's pussy, rubbing her clitty with his index finger.
	Then the other guy gripped my by the hair and pulled me, gently, to my feet. He pushed me against the side of the boat alongside Shannon, and then bent me over. At the same time Shannon turned, or was turned, and was bent over next to me.
	I didn't much care, though. I was really hot, and as I felt the man rubbing his spit-wet cock up and down along my slit, I eagerly awaited his first thrust.
	Then I felt his cock pressing against my asshole. I gasped in surprise and wriggled against him, trying to break free. My heart wasn't really in it, though, and he held me easily as his cock head pressed more heavily against my anus.
	I felt my sphincter slowly forced open, felt his cock sinking into me, and groaned as he hugged me tightly. I heard Shannon gasp and moan beside me, and turned my head to the side to see the man behind her had one hand on her breast, and the other down between her legs, rubbing her clitty.
	Then I was bent way down, so my head was upside down and my hair dragged in the water. I felt the guy behind forcing his cock in harder, and felt it sliding remorselessly up into my belly. I groaned, but was so excited that the small amount of pain I felt didn't matter.
	I'd never been sodomized, and in the mood of wild abandon that I was in it seemed like just the right time to start. I felt his thick boner sliding waaaayyy up into my belly. I felt my guts cramping and churning as the big, hard boner filled me, and groaned in dizzy delight.
	Beside me, Shannon was also bent waaay over, and she too was groaning and gasping, though I couldn't tell if she was being done up the ass, or if the guy was fucking her cherry out.
	I reached for her and squeezed one of her breasts, then let out a gasp as the guy fucking me thrust his cock in me to the hilt. I groped Shannon's soft breast as the guy ground himself against my ass.
	He started to fuck me, then, pumping his cock in my rectum with slow, steady motions that got faster and harder very quickly. His cock felt really... strange as it tore back and forth in my belly. It wasn't like in my pussy where it felt natural. Back there it was like my flesh kept trying to stop it from going in, and then stop it from going out.
	But that soon ended. Soon he was able to fuck steadily without my rectum clamping down at all. He fucked really hard too, his hips slamming against my buttocks in the same way as the other guy had when he'd fucked my crack.
	I his hips were spanking my ass hard and fast, my cheeks jiggling and shaking as he drove his cock deep into my butter little anus. Beside me, Shannon started shaking and jerking just like I was as the guy behind her started giving her a good hard pounding.
	We both grunted and groaned and gasped for breath as the two men drove their hard boners up into our guts with desperate lust. The whole boat was rocking as we were pumped. The cock inside me was sawing back and forth in my anus, reaming me out real good as the man slapped and squeezed my buttocks.
	I reached my other hand, the one that wasn't squeezing Shannon's breast, up between my legs and fingered my clitty, and within seconds I came, yelping and gurgling in pleasure as the ecstasy rolled over my shaking body.
	I was twice as dazed as I was from the previous comes. My head was upside down, and all the blood had rushed to it. Ever have an orgasm like that? Let me tell you something, it's not possible to think under those circumstances.
	Luckily, the come ended, and I started to regain some fragments of my mind. Cause the guy came inside me and pumped his stuff up my ass. Then he just stepped back, slid a hand under my pussy and heaved me up and over the rail.
	I went head first into the water and sank below it briefly, then rolled to the surface and floated there dazedly. I could see the boat about ten feet away, could see Shannon still bent over the side as one of the guys fucked into her.
	Then he too stepped back and heaved her over the side. The guys started the engine and moved off as Shannon came to the surface, sputtering and coughing.
	We swam over to our canoe and climbed in gingerly, then flopped down on the bottom, panting tiredly as we looked at each other.
	"Well," I gasped. "That was interesting."
	"Shit," she moaned.
	"Did he pop your cherry?"
	She shook her head tiredly.
	"Oh. Ever been ass-fucked before?"
	She shook her head.
	"Me neither. It wasn't that bad, really."
	She glared at me.
	"Hey, I got fucked in the throat," I scowled, rubbing my neck dramatically. "You got of easy."
	"And who's idea was it for me to streak their camp in the first place?" she demanded. "And who wanted to play games out here instead of going back to camp? And who acted like a total slut in their boat?"
	"Sorry," I sighed.
	"Sorry, she says. What are you, a nympho or something?"
	"I'm starting to wonder," I said.
	"You were a fucking slut," she said accusingly.
	"Something about the... about the whole scene just turned me on so much," I said. "It was like last night, me all naked, these horny guys I didn't even know..."
	"Did you fuck them last night?"
	"A couple," I said.
	"Shit."
	"Laurie did too," I said defensively. "I saw her and two guys going at it."
	"So you're both sluts."
	"Hey, don't knock it if you haven't tried it, virgin," I said.
	"I'm gay. I don't have to have guys fuck me," she glared.
	"Well if you haven't tried it don't complain about it."
	"I wasn't complaining. I just figure you could have a little self restraint."
	"Oh, like you did when I was sucking you off on the boat."
	"I was... I wasn't... doing anything," she said, turning her face away, embarrassed.
	"I could taste you," I said. "You were practically pouring pussy cream down your thighs."
	"I was not!" she gasped indignantly.
	I grabbed my cut-offs and tugged them on as she glared at me. Then she looked around and let out a gasp. 
	"Hey, my clothes!"
	I grabbed my bikini top and pulled it on, shrugging the straps on and doing up the catch.
	"Those guys have my clothes!" she moaned.
	"It's almost dark. You can sneak back into the cabin."
	"And how the hell am I gonna explain to the other girls why I'm naked!?"
	"You can tell them the truth: I made you streak the camp, and, your clothes fell overboard by accident."
	She glowered at me.
	"It's as close to the truth as we wanna come anyway," I grinned.
	"It's nine thirty. The guys will be all around our cabin!"
	"Say hi."
	"Fuck you!"
	"Well, what do you want me to do?" I sighed.
	"You'll have to go in and get some clothes for me."
	"And you don't think anyone's gonna wonder why I'm grabbing clothes out of your footlocker?"
	"Shit."
	We paddled back to camp, but not to the dock. I took the canoe in to the small inlet where I'd skinny dipped, and left Shannon there as I made my way back to the cabin. There were a couple of guys there sitting on the stairs, along with several girls talking to them.
	"Hey, Taylor," Annie said. "We were wondering where you two had gone. Where's Shannon?"
	"She's at the dock," I said. "She'll be along soon."
	I went inside and past the other beds to Shannon's, then opened her footlocker.
	"What you lookin' for, Caitlin asked.
	"Gold, silver, jewels, you know, the usual," I said, pulling out a pair of cut-offs and a tank top."
	"What you doing?" Donna asked.
	"Nothing," I said.
	I went back outside and through the half dozen people that were there.
	"Where you going?" Holly asked.
	"Nowhere," I said.
	I headed back down the path, and then ducked into the woods to follow the much narrower path to the little inlet. Pretty soon I heard feet crashing behind me though. I started to run, dodging around bushes and trees as they started calling out my name.
	There was about six or seven of them, mostly girls, but also a few guys chasing me, and they burst out into the little clearing not far behind me. Shannon had been sitting on a rock. She let out a scream and turned, diving into the water as the guys whistled and the girls laughed in delight.
	"Go away," I said to them.
	"What's going on?"
	"Where are her clothes?"
	"Hey, Lady Godiva!"
	"You getting a tan, Shannon?"
	"Fuck off!" she yelled back, her head sticking out of the water as she glared at them.
	"It's getting cold, Shannon. You ought to come out of the water," one of the guys called.
	"Yeah, come on out. I'll dry you off," the other guy laughed.
	"What happened to her clothes?" Caitlin asked.
	"She uh, streaked the camp across the lake," I said.
	They laughed in delight.
	"I made her," I confessed. "Except then I kind of turned the boat over when I was coming ashore to pick her up, and her clothes fell overboard."
	"You couldn't find them?" Donna grinned.
	"I didn't notice until we were away from shore, and by then there was a bunch of guys running up to the beach."
	They laughed some more, but apparently believed me.
	They wouldn't go away, though. I had to toss Shannon her cut-offs and top, and she put them on under water, then came out soaking wet, shoving her way through the laughing guys and girls and storming off down the narrow path.
	The rest of them followed, laughing and joking and enjoying themselves. I got into the canoe and paddled it around to the dock, then brought it ashore and turned it over with the rest of them.




Six




Nobody seemed to suspect anything was going on between me and Shannon, which was just the way I wanted it. The last thing I wanted was to have people think I was gay, not with all these cute guys who were constantly teasing and flirting with me. I hadn't fucked any yet, but I sure intended to.
	I just wasn't sure which, or how. I wanted it to be something... wild, like I'd done with Shannon, like I'd done with Val, and those men in the woods, and the boat. I didn't want some ordinary old groping in the woods.
	Was I a nymphomaniac? I didn't think so, but when it came to these intense sexual feelings I just didn't seem to have much judgement.
	The next day was pretty normal. I woke the kids up, helped them down to the shower, and then brought them to the lodge for breakfast. I sat with them during breakfast, and then afterwards they went off to their schedule, while I went to the archery range to start teaching the groups that showed up there.
	After that I moved to the beach to help with the swimming lessons, and then went to lunch. It was my turn to help with the lunch that being one of the things the counsellors were required to do. So I had to move back and forth between the kitchen, supervising the kids who were helping.
	Afterwards I supervised the kids who picked things up and cleaned up. Pete Foster, a big, kind of goofy guy who was always grinning, was helping me. We got all the dishes into the kitchen and the kids assigned to it started washing them. Then Mr. Horner called for attention.
	The kids went out front and sat down at their tables as Mr Horner started talking about everyone's responsibilities towards nature, and all kinds of shit like that. Me and Pete stayed in the kitchen. There was a serving window there and we looked out through it onto the room, listening to Horner's dumb speech from there.
	And that was when I got this massive burst of sexual heat. See, the counter was up to my chest, especially if I kind of leaned over a bit. I could see the dining hall, but nobody could see more of me than my head and shoulders.
	Pete was pressed against my hip, and I knew that, him being male, he would do anything I wanted. It was a crazy thought, absolutely crazy. The room was quiet as they listened to Horner talk, and there were kids leaning against the wall inches from our counter. In fact, I was looking over the shoulder of one of them.
	But I couldn't help myself. I reached my hand down and squeezed Pete's thigh. He turned his head to me in surprise and gave me this quizzical look. I grinned at him cheekily, and then slid my hand up his thigh to his crotch, giving it a little squeeze.
	"Are you nuts?" he whispered into my ear.
	"Yes," I said.
	I squeezed his cock and felt it starting to harden. He swallowed nervously, then turned his head back to the window and shifted so he was more behind me. His arms went around my waist, and then his hands slid up my front to cup my breasts. 
	I felt an electrical charge buzzing my body, making my flesh feel raw and ultra-sensitive. I ground my ass back against him as he slipped his hands down to my belly, tugged my tank top out of my shorts, then slid his hands up inside to cup my breasts again. He unclipped my bra, and I almost groaned aloud as his fingers dug into the soft warmth of my bare breasts.
	He kneaded them tightly, but not roughly, as we both looked out into the room and listened to Horner talking about the different types of trees around the camp.
	I was stroking and squeezing his cock, which was fully erect now. I eased my hand up to his zipper and pulled it down, then reached inside and through his underwear to feel his hard heat.
	His right hand slid down my belly and undid my shorts, then tugged them down along with my panties. I felt the sexual heat inside me boiling, frothing with power as I kept a careful eye on the door into the kitchen. I bent over a little, and tried to spread my legs, but my shorts were pooled around my ankles.
	I lifted a leg and pulled it free of my shorts, then spread my legs wide as I bent over. I shuddered as I felt his hard cock rubbing and grinding against my ass.
	He reached down and guided his dick into my dripping pussy, then slowly drove it up inside me. At the same time one of the kids on the other side of the serving counter turned and slipped his hand into a little bowl of buns that lay on the counter next to my head. He turned away and I closed my eyes, trembling.
	Pete jammed his groin into my ass, and I felt his balls pressing up into my mons as he ground himself against me. I clenched my teeth and fought down a wave of pressure that urged me to scream, to jump, and to do something!
	Instead I pushed back, grinding myself against him as his hands returned to my breasts, kneading and squeezing them with eager delight. He drew his hips back and I felt his hard pecker slowly retreating down my hot pussy tunnel, my flesh sucking at it as it went.
	He pulled about halfway out, then slowly drove it back into me to the hilt again, jamming my hips into the wall as he filled me with his hard male organ.
	I pushed back, bending over as much as I could and still look out the window. He started fucking slowly, as aware as I was that we were visible to about a hundred people out there. Both of us fought to keep neutral, even bored expressions on our faces.
	That was getting awfully hard, though, as his cock stroked back and forth inside me, my finger stroked across my buzzing clitoris and his hands turned my soft breast meat into raw, boiling bags of lust. 
	I felt the sudden rise in tension between my legs and braced myself as best I could, then the orgasm rolled over me. I know my face was red with heat, and I clenched my teeth so tightly my jaw hurt. I trembled and shook, but pressed myself hard against the wall and put my elbows on the counter so I could grip my head between my hands.
	I did the best I could to keep myself still as the fire raged within my nervous system. Only my hips moved with any energy, humping helplessly back towards his pumping cock as his hot breath washed over the nape of my neck.
	Then my spasming pussy pulled him into the orgasm with me. He locked himself to me as his cock exploded inside my belly and his salty cum spewed out the tip of his cock and up into my womb.
	On the other side of the wall there was applause, and for a wild instant I thought they all knew, but the applause was because Mr. Horner had finished his speech. I could already see the meeting breaking up, and knew that the kids would be coming into the kitchen any moment.
	I tore free of Pete, and fell to the floor, my panties and shorts around one ankle. I half jumped, half crawled behind a big counter as the door banged open and a kid came in. There I rolled on my back and yanked my shorts and panties up, terrified that at any instant I would see a face appear before me.
	I got the shorts done up, then quickly got to my knees as I reached under my tank top and fixed my bra. I could hear kids talking across the room, but they didn't approach me. Then someone did, just as I flicked the clip in place and started to get my top tucked in.
	It was only Pete, though. He was fully dressed, of course, except that his cock was hanging out his zipper. He was even talking to someone behind him, so I guess he'd managed to turn his back. As he came behind the counter his hands descended to his front and he stuffed his cock back into his pants.
	Meanwhile I picked up a box of something and stood up, to find three kids in the kitchen, all over by the sink doing the dishes. I looked at Pete, who looked at me, and we both gave a kind of mental sigh of relief that nobody had caught us.
	Then Mrs Horner came into the room and went past us to a fridge. She took something out and left, and we grinned at each other.
	"You're fucking crazy," he whispered.
	I just grinned cockily.

	I spent most of the afternoon at the dock showing the kids how to paddle a canoe. Chris was with me, and made it a special point to pose provocatively whenever his eyes were on me. I bent over a lot where he could see, and made sure my chest was pushed out.
	I wasn't coming on to him, especially, just taunting him. He was supposed to be the sex maniac, after all. We flirted much of the afternoon, exchanging double entendres and suggestive looks and words.
	Then the cherries arrived. Like a lot of girls their age they were broken up into two groups. The first group was embarrassed about all the new equipment they had and wore really conservative bathing suits. The second group were proud of their relatively new bodies and flaunted them.
	Amy was one of the latter. She was the strawberry blonde with the pony tail that Chris had shown such interest in before. I couldn't really blame him. She was a gorgeous girl, with a sweet face, wide round eyes, a button nose, and soft, pouting lips. And unlike the others, she wasn’t jailbait.
	She wore a bikini almost small enough for me to send her back to her cabin, and a top that seemed a size too small as well. She obviously had a thing for Chris, and was pretty obvious about it as she brushed up against him and took every opportunity to talk to or touch him.
	I wondered if he was fucking her already. But no, I didn't think so. She probably wouldn't be acting like that if she'd already had his cock inside her. She was trying to get his attention and turn him on, and wouldn't have been doing that.
	I was half amused, half jealous, and also kind of annoyed. I mean, it wasn't like I wanted Chris, and it wasn't like I couldn't have him even if she did fuck him... I just didn't like her taking his attention away from me.
	She was so clumsy and earnest about it, though, that I had to smile. She'd soon learn that boys were ours to play with. There was no need for her to play up to Chris. He'd have done whatever she wanted to get into her panties.
	Guys are all whores, after all.
	After dinner I had some free time. I wasn't sure what to do, so I kind of wandered around a bit. I was sitting on a fallen tree and listening to the birds when I happened to see Chris emerging from the woods a little ways down. I backed up a bit into the trees and he didn't see me as he strolled down towards the lodge.
	I was just wondering what he was up to when the bushes shook and Amy came out of them. Unlike Chris she was looking kind of uncertain and confused, and also much guiltier. She glanced furtively around, then, arms folded over her chest; she walked quickly in the other direction.
	Well, of course I guessed Chris had popped another cherry. I wasn't particularly annoyed with him. It was obvious from her behaviour at the dock that she'd been asking for it. Still, she didn't seem very happy with what she'd gotten.
	I remembered my first time, which was short, kind of painful, messy, and over before I knew it. I'd thought that the big secret about sex was that everyone exaggerated about it, that it wasn't really any fun at all. I'd been... uh, quite wrong, of course.
	I pushed out of the bushes and followed Amy, wondering if I should talk to her, or maybe tell Shannon, who was, after all, her counsellor. Unfortunately, Shannon was still kind of pissed off at me, and besides that, she'd never fucked a guy herself, so what was she gonna say?
	Free time was about over, and everyone was drifting to their assigned activity, be it horses, swimming, canoeing, tennis, woods lore, or whatever. I was free, though, until eight when I taught archery for an hour.
	I saw Amy go to her cabin, and considered what to say should I decide to follow her. I wanted it to be the right thing, without coming off as geeky or "adult". But then she came out of the cabin with a towel in her hand. I thought she was headed down to the beach, but instead she went towards the showers.
	Well, obviously her first time hadn't been the greatest. As I thought about it, if Chris spent all his time popping cherries, he wasn't screwing girls who knew anything about sex. That meant he didn't have to learn anything about doing it "right".
	I mean, if some guy fucking me is a klutz, I'll let him know about it. Most girls will one way or another. But if a guy fucks virgins all the time, he doesn't really have to be much good at it. They don't know any better.
	Maybe I could line her up with Pete. He seemed to know what he was doing.
	I followed her to the showers, then paused and waited a minute, again thinking of whether I should say anything. I'd had so much fuckin' fun over the past few days screwing, that I hated to think of someone thinking that it was crummy, and then going without for the next several years.
	I went into the shower, which was empty except for Amy. She was standing naked under one of the showerheads, water pouring down on her. I had to admire her tight, slender body. Her ass was amazingly plump and round and her breasts were just perfectly rounded, tilted perkily upwards.
	She didn't seem to notice me as I came up beside her. I reached over and pulled the lever that turned off the shower, and she opened her eyes and stared at me for a second in surprise.
	"Hi," I said.
	She just looked at me, blinking and licking her lips and looking nervous and guilty.
	"How you doing, Amy?"
	"F...fine," she squeaked.
	"You don't look fine. Anything you want to talk about?"
	She shook her head, eyes wide.
	"Anything about Chris, for instance."
	Her face turned red and she looked around like a small animal looking for an escape.
	"I promise I won't tell anyone else," I said.
	"I-I don't know what you're talking about," she stammered.
	"I saw you and Chris coming out of the woods."
	"I-I... Chris... I wasn't... w-with Chris," she gulped.
	"Sure you were. Look, honey, I saw the way you were acting around him today at the dock, and I know what kind of guy Chris is. I know what happened."
	Boy she was cute. She was only a little shorter than me, a willowy girl with a sexy body.
	"I didn't do anything!" she exclaimed.
	"Uh huh. Maybe not. What did Chris do?"
	"Nothing!"
	I folded my arms across my chest and gave her a look of disbelief, and she dropped her eyes to the floor. She was dripping wet and shuffling from foot to foot on the cold tile floor.
	"Nothing happened," she said in a dulled, subdued voice. "I-I couldn't."
	"You mean you didn't..."
	"I couldn't," she said miserably. "It... there's something wrong with me."
	"What?" I asked in confusion.
	"I-I just...it wouldn't... fit."
	I grinned, and then hid it.
	"I mean, I'm big enough, I'm bigger than lots of women older than me, but... it... it hurt too much. There's something wrong in... Inside me."
	"I doubt that," I said.
	"Chris said... he said that... there was something wrong with..."
	"Chris is an asshole."
	She raised her eyes doubtfully.
	"Why'd you go into the woods with him anyway? The guy's a clod."
	"But... I-I wanted my first... I mean, I wanted someone older so... so he could show me what to do," she gulped.
	"I don't think Chris knows much," I smiled. "You should've asked Shannon."
	"Why? I mean..."
	"Shannon knows a lot more about how to make a girl's body feel good than Chris ever will."
	"But... because she's a woman?" she asked in confusion.
	"Because she's a lesbian," I said.
Her jaw dropped and she stared at me, and then seemed to blush even deeper.
	"I'm sure she'd have been happy to show you how to loosen up your body and make it ready for...whatever you wanted to do."
	"I-I couldn't... I mean... I'm not... I'm... there isn't... I don't..."
	"You're babbling, Amy."
	"I'm not... gay," she gulped.
	"So? Think your body is different than the other girls she has sex with?"
	"I couldn't ask her," she gasped.
	"Let me ask you this, do you want to have sex for fun, and for finding out things, or do you want to have a baby?"
	"I don't want a baby!" she said indignantly.
	"Then you should be having sex with someone who can show you a good time, whether it's a man or a woman."
	"But... but Shannon... I don't know if I could," she said, eyes wide.
	"Well, of course Shannon's a virgin too. She's never had sex with a man," I said.
	"Ha...have you?" she gulped.
	"Me, course."
	She licked her lips nervously, as if getting up the courage to ask me what it was like or something."
	"I've had sex with boys, men, girls, and women," I said.
	She blushed even deeper, and looked down again.
	"Sex is for fun, for pleasure. You take your pleasure where you can get it. I admit I'm mostly into guys but that's just because I like the feel of...a cock up inside me."
	She jerked her head up at the words and her eyes widened.
	"Let me ask you this, were you afraid of Chris?"
	"A...afraid? No, not exactly," she said.
	"Afraid of him putting his cock inside you?"
	She nodded embarrassed.
	"So you tightened up. Natural enough reaction. The thing to do is make sure you're so horny, so excited, that when a guy puts his cock in you you're too hot to be afraid of anything. When you're so hot that you're practically begging him to put it in, you aren't going to be afraid.”
	"But I can barely get a finger inside," she gulped, face flaming.
	I picked up a bar of soap and tossed it to her. She caught it in surprise.
	"Soap yourself up," I said.
	"Why?" she squeaked.
	"Why not? It's why you came in here, isn't it?"
	She began to awkwardly rub the soap over her wet body, and seemed especially embarrassed to rub her pussy with me watching. She half turned to the side, sliding the bar back and forth over her cunt as I eyed her perfect ass. She might well have had the best ass I have ever seen in my life.
	I went to her and she jerked around in alarm, but didn't move back. I took the soap and turned her gently until her back was towards me.
	"I'll do your back," I said.
	I began to soap up her trembling shoulders, then ran the bar and my soapy hands up and down her back, then over her hips, and finally, over her round buttocks. She jerked forward at first, but I put a hand on her shoulder and held her, and she stood there as I soaped up her ass.
	I was starting to get really hot. Anyone could walk in here, including Mrs. Horner, and we'd have no warning.
	I turned her around and she kind of backed against the wall. I smiled reassuringly.
	"I don't have a cock," I smiled.” So you don't have to worry about that."
	"But I-I've never..."
	"That's why you should try it. It's lots of fun. Trust me."
	I ran a hand over her belly. The flesh was warm and tight, and so slippery. I moved my hand up under her left breast and cupped it gently, then stroked over it, using a light touch. I kept the bar of soap in my other hand as I rubbed it over her right breast.
	She stared at me with wide eyes the whole time.
	I shifted the bar to my right hand and slid it down between her legs, then rubbed it back and forth against her pussy mound, mashing it up slightly. I pinched her small pink nipples, rolling and pulling on them with my fingers.
	Then I dropped the bar and cupped her wet, soapy cunt mound in my hand. I held it gently as I looked at her.
	"How does that feel?" I whispered.
	"I-I...don't know," she gulped, her voice quivering.
	I rubbed my hand softly over her pussy mound.
	"Does it hurt?"
	"N...no."
	I leaned in towards her and kissed her on the cheek, then on the other, then on the forehead. All the while her eyes followed me. I smiled reassuringly at her, and then pressed my lips against hers lightly before retreating.
 	She didn't move, though her chest was heaving.
	I kissed her again, a bit harder, letting my lips slide against hers. At the same time my hand continued to rub back and forth against her pussy mound, kneading it gently.
	I pressed my two middle fingers in a little harder than the rest, letting them slide along her sex, and slowly sink in between her lips. My other hand was squeezing and stroking her breast and nipple as I pressed slow, soft kisses against her mouth.
	Either I was getting to her, or she decided to try and respond. Her lips opened a bit and she kissed back shyly and tentatively. Our lips moved lightly together as my tongue eased out and caressed hers.
	I rubbed a little harder with my middle fingers, stroking them up and down her slit, rasping them across her clitty. I felt her body moving ever so gently, and sensed her round buttocks grinding against the wall.
	I pulled back and smiled at her, and she smiled back, though still shyly. I kissed her again, this time with more passion, my tongue sliding into her mouth as our lips melded together. She groaned into my mouth and I felt her hips starting to work, starting to grind in earnest.
	Her pussy rubbed back at my fingers as her breaths came in sharp, short little puffs and gasps. I pulled my head back and straightened, taking my hand off her breast as well to concentrate on her pussy. I stroked steadily as she looked up at me.
	Her mouth was open, her eyes narrowing into slits as she humped against my fingers. I could see, and now hear her soapy ass slapping back against the wall as I jerked her off. The sight of her in the throes of arousal was delightful and excited me as well.
	She laid her head back against the wall and moaned, her arms down at her sides as they had been the entire time. Her soapy body rubbed and slapped as I slowly, and daringly, found her hole and eased my middle finger into it.
	She froze, eyes shooting wide as she stared up at me in alarm. I smiled reassuringly, stroking her clitty just as hard with my thumb as I eased my soapy finger upwards through the tight, tight folds of her virgin pussy.
	She clenched her teeth and laid her head back against the wall again, looking like she was waiting for the pain. Then after some seconds she blinked her eyes in apparent surprise and looked up at me. My finger was halfway up her tunnel by then.
	"Nice, huh?" I smiled.
	I pumped my finger lightly inside her, and then pushed it a bit deeper as I ground my thumb against her clit. I pressed in against it as I pulled out with my middle finger, kind of seizing her hot little button between the two and rolling it carefully.
	She gasped and her back arched, her head knocking against the wall as those two high rounded breasts stuck out. She groaned again, and her back arched a second time as her hands came around desperately to grip my wrist.
	She humped against my fingers, panting and shaking and moaning as I rolled and squeezed her clitty. Her ass slapped back loudly against the wall as she arched her back a third time, her hair flinging back and down as she gurgled in wondrous delight.
	I thrust my finger up hard and she cried out, falling back heavily against the wall. I laughed and jammed my thumb against her clitty, grinding it down heavily as she trembled and shook, and her head thrashed from side to side.
	I could feel her pussy sucking and squeezing on my finger as I twisted it around inside her. I buried it to the knuckle and ground my fist against her pussy mound as her shuddering eased, and she fell back limply against the wall.



Seven



	
I kissed her again, and ran a soapy hand over her chest, feeling her hard nipples with my palm. Then I eased back, sliding my finger out of her pussy crack. I reached down and gripped my tank top, jerking it up and off, then undid my bra and tossed it behind me.
	I pulled down my shorts and panties, and kicked of my shoes, then stepped in under the shower. I turned it on and let it soak me, then moved out from under it to where Amy still stood against the wall, eyes wide.
	I reached out for her and she raised her hands to mine. I pulled her in against me, her soapy body rubbing against my wet skin. My arms went around her and my hand squeezed her ass cheeks as her breasts and mine rubbed and mashed together in a slippery, warm mass of sensitive flesh.
	I was soon as soapy as her, and the feel of our bodies together was turning my pussy on to full boil. I gripped one of her hands and pulled it around behind me, then pressed it up against my buttocks.
	She gasped, but kept it there as I moved my hand away. Our lips pressed together with growing passion, and I ground my body into hers, rubbing my breasts against her hot little mounds. I slid my thigh in between hers; doing the dirty dancing thing I'd done with Shannon on the boat.
	She ground her pussy down against my thigh and then raised her own thigh at the feel of my pussy. I groaned, my hand going down onto her perfect ass and squeezing it, then jerking her leg up around me, grinding my pussy against her as hers ground back against me.
	We were both panting and gasping and groaning as our bodies heated up. Our lips were moving hot and fast and wetly together, our tongues slithering excitedly against one another.
	I felt my come approaching, then she started to gasp and whine and hump especially hard, and I knew she was coming again. I jammed my thigh up into her humping crotch as she bounced and shook and trembled against me.
	And I came as well, a roaring inferno of pleasure blasting through my body as we ground ourselves together with desperate desire and pleasure.
	"You really are a nympho," a familiar voice called from behind me.
	I jerked around to see Shannon standing there, leaning idly against the wall, but obviously aroused.
	Amy gasped and tried to cover herself, and Shannon laughed.
	"Don't bother, honey. I've seen everything I need to."
	"But not everything you want to I bet," I said, grinning at her.
	"You really like to take chances, don't you, Taylor?"
	"It adds spice to life," I said.
	"If Horner caught you your spice would be in jail."
	"Uh uh," I grinned. "She’s cherry but eighteen." I stuck my tongue out at her and she sniffed in annoyance.
	"You... you shouldn't have been looking at us," Amy gulped accusingly.
	"You shouldn't have been having sex in a public place," Shannon snorted.
	I turned on the water and rinsed off the soap, then pulled Amy in and helped rinse her off. She kept looking towards Shannon, nervous and embarrassed, but I told her not to worry.
	"I bet her pussy's all hot and drooling over what she saw," I whispered. "She'd give anything to get her hands on your body."
	I'm not sure if that reassured her, excited her, or scared her.
	We dried off, using her towel, and dried our hair, then dressed and followed Shannon out of the shower hut.
	"I came looking for her. I expected to find Chris popping her cherry behind a bush somewhere."
	"He tried," I grinned.
	"Taylor!" Amy said, embarrassed.
	"Don't worry. Shannon won't tell anyone. She's a friend."
	Shannon snorted derisively.
	She led us down the path, but then, suddenly paused and stepped through some bushes. I grinned at Amy, who frowned in surprise, then took her hand and led her through the bushes after Shannon. There was just the hint of a path here, and we followed, single file, the grass brushing against our bare knees.
	There was a big thorn bush ahead, and Shannon veered to the side, went around a little tree, then dropped to all fours and climbed through a small opening in the bush. I urged Amy to follow, and she did, though looking a bit worried.
	Then I dropped to all fours and followed them through.
	On the other side was a small clearing with short grass that looked like it was trample down regularly. The clearing was about eight or ten feet wide, and seemed totally surrounded by the thorn bush, or many thorn bushes all mashed together.
	The other two were standing facing each other as I got to my feet.
	"Neat place," I said. "Who do you take here?"
	"Whoever I want," she said, eyes locked on Amy.
	"You never took me here."
	"I would have," she said, still looking at Amy.
	Amy was looking right back at her. I looked from one to the other. Neither said anything. Shannon looked like she'd just seen the love of her life. Amy just looked... entranced. I saw Shannon take a half step forward, then another.
	She stood next to the blonde girl, and raised her hand to touch Amy's loose hair. She ran her fingers through it while Amy swallowed nervously, then her hand slid behind Amy's head and she yanked the girl against her.
	Her other hand cupped the soft, plump buttocks as she crushed her lips down against Amy's pouting mouth. Amy's eyes opened and she wriggled a little, then Shannon bore her to the ground, both of them gasping and panting as she ran her hands roughly over Amy's body.
	She straddled the girl and gripped her thin halter top, then tore it open with such force she lifted Amy's chest off the grass momentarily. She bent and her mouth devoured one small, rigid nipple as Amy gasped and cried out in shock.
	I could see Shannon's mouth working as she sucked and chewed and licked on the blonde's nipple. Her left hand was kneading the other breast, while her right was sliding up and down her belly. Then she shot her hand between the blonde's legs and squeezed her pussy through her shorts.
	Amy's legs jerked feebly as Shannon's hand drove down inside her shorts and started fondling her naked pussy mound. She gasped and gulped and panted for breath as Shannon shifted her hungry mouth from one nipple to the other and back again.
	She backed up, shifting rapidly so she was between the girl's long, coltish legs, then gripped her shorts and yanked them down her legs and off so hard Amy's tennis shoes were torn off.
	Then, while the stunned girl lay there naked save for the shreds of her halter, she dove atop her, her face jamming in between her legs. Amy's hands went down and grabbed at her hair, but she didn't do anything else as she gasped in shock at the sensations she felt.
	I couldn't see what Shannon was doing from where I stood, but from the look on Amy's face it was a lot. I knew her tongue and teeth and lips and fingers were actively working on the blonde girl's crack, and knew also, from my own experience, just how expert she was down there.
	At first she was kneeling between Amy's legs, and then she dropped to her belly, her tongue lapping, lips moving. I could hear wet, smacking and sucking sounds coming from her as Amy let out little squeals and gasps and moans.
	Her legs were wide apart, with Shannon's hands clamped down on her thighs. Her hands slipped off Shannon's head and lay beside her head as she stared upwards into the sky with a look of wonderment on her face.
	I was getting pretty hot myself while I watched. I knelt beside Shannon's body and gazed at her tight ass, then ran my hands along her thigh and between her legs. I squeezed her pussy through her cut-offs and without taking her face out of Amy's crotch; she pushed herself up on her knees.
	I reached under and undid her cut-offs, then peeled them down and off, along with her panties. I unhooked the bikini bra she was wearing, and tossed it behind me, and she was naked. 
	I squeezed her bare pussy and rubbed my hand over it while reaching under to cup and squeeze one of her breasts. Then I slid my fingers into her slit and began to stroke her clitty.
	Amy was moaning and whimpering and gasping for breath now, her body writhing in the grass as her head jerked and twisted from side to side and her back arched repeatedly. Her legs trembled and flopped as her muscles strained and spasmed.
	I eased a second finger into Shannon's moist slit, pumping them in and out as I ground my thumb against her clitoris. I also cupped and squeezed her breast as I leaned over her and nibbled at the nape of her neck.
	She humped back against my fingers, but I could tell most of her attention was on the tight virgin hole beneath her as she stuffed her tongue deep in the wriggling, groaning girl's slit and scooped out her cunt milk.
	Amy was bucking and bouncing wildly, then settled down, limp and panting for breath. Shannon didn't ease off. She continued to lick and suck and slurp on the girl's slit as I pumped her own pussy crack. I didn't have much experience licking pussy, so peeked over her shoulders to watch as close as possible while she continued to eat out the blonde.
	I watched her tongue caressing the glistening pink flesh of Amy's inner sex, watched as it circled her tiny pussy hole, then dipped inside. Her lips pressed down hard against Amy's sex then, and I knew her tongue was whipping around inside the moaning blonde's pussy tunnel.
	She'd told me the way to get my tongue out far was to keep pushing it out as far as I could when I was alone. I'd done it from time to time, but didn't see any improvement yet. I still couldn't come close to touching my nose.
	She pulled her lips free and her tongue slipped up against the tiny hooded clit, probing and rasping across it. Then her lips slid around it and she sucked wetly. She closed her lips together in a kind of whistle and then blew air against her clitty as Amy mewled and started to wriggle below her again.
	She humped back harder against my fingers as she licked, but never took her lips off that pink meat, and soon Amy was squirming and moaning and gasping for air like a fish. I took my eyes off her pussy to watch her face, and saw her eyes drawn back in tight slits as her mouth gaped.
	Then she let out a soft, gurgling cry of elation. Her head jerked back under her, the cords on her neck standing out as her chest arched and bowed, and her arms shot out to either side, her fingers drawn into claws as they dug into the grass alongside her.
	Shannon was grunting and moaning into the girl's pink meat now as she humped back against my fingers, but she continued to suck and slurp and lick. She stopped briefly to shudder and tremble as she jammed her snatch back against my fingers, and I think she came.
	Then she resumed her eating, and was soon making the helpless blonde writhe and wriggle once again.
	She dove forward suddenly, dropping her body on top of Amy. Her legs were spread wide as she mashed her breasts and lips down against Amy's, and her cunt found Amy's pussy as she started to rub and grind herself against her.
	She had a vacuum lock on Amy's lips as her pussy slapped and ground wetly against Amy's own little curly blonde bush. I ran a hand over her ass, then stuck my thumb into Shannon's pussy hole, and my index finger into Amy's tight fuck tube, and pinched them together.
	Both of them were moaning and groaning, and making wet, anguished noises as I pressed their clits directly together and rubbed them against one another. Amy came again. I could tell from her gurgles and gasps and the way she bucked and jerked. Then Shannon came again, her ass going wild as she rasped and ground her pussy down against Amy.
	She started to settle down then, lying atop the slender girl breast to breast, cheek to cheek. She didn't stay still for very long, however, slowly dragging herself up the blonde's body until she was kneeling over her, her big round breasts dangling over the girl's face.
	She rubbed her breasts against Amy, and fed her a nipple. At first the blonde girl just looked at it, then, as Shannon rubbed it against her lips her tongue licked out and across it. Soon she was suckling contentedly as Amy cuddled her head into her breast meat.
	I looked at Amy's splayed thighs and ran my hands over them, then cupped her soft pussy mound. I slid a finger inside, and found her warm and just as tight as before. I was willing to bet, though, that if we could get Pete here now he'd be able to plough her pussy but good without any pain on her part.
	I saw Shannon sliding up further, until she was straddling Amy's head. Her knees came down on either side and she reached down to peel her own pussy crack open as she dropped it onto the blonde's mouth. I didn't see what Amy did, but Shannon groaned happily.
	The view up Amy's body was very carnal and erotic. Her body was wriggling headless, her legs wide, and Shannon’s buttocks covering her from neck up. She drew her knees up and back and I gripped them with my hands, pushing them back further to expose her pussy opening.
	I licked along it, letting my tongue press back against my lower lip to add pressure. I stroked her drooling pussy as Shannon rode her face, then sank my tongue down inside and pushed it down her hole.
	I flickered it around as deeply as I could, then eased it out and kissed her little clitty. I began to suck on it, wriggling my tongue against it at the same time. 
	Her ass started to jerk up as she humped up against me, and several times her pussy mashed my nose down before I clamped my fingers down on her ass and caught it tightly. I tried to get my teeth around her clit and nibble at it, but she was jerking around so hard it was impossible.
	I looked up her body and saw Shannon's hair dragging against her own buttocks as she arched her back. She was grinding and rubbing her snatch down on Amy's face as she groaned in pleasure. Her hands were behind her, clamped on Amy's breasts, her fingers digging in tightly.
	Amy continued to hump up at me as I sucked on her clitty. I managed to get a finger from my right hand down her pussy hole, then forced a finger from my left in and pulled them both in opposite directions. She groaned in protest, but the sounds were muffled by Shannon's grinding pussy.
	Shannon started grunting loudly, her hair swinging from side to side as she shook her head. I saw her ass humping faster and faster against Amy's face as she heated up. Then she let out a short, sharp cry of pleasure and collapsed forward.
	I pumped my fingers in Amy's slit as she raised her head and looked down dazedly. Then she gasped and her head fell back as she trembled violently. I felt her pussy sucking even harder on my fingers as she came again, and wished desperately for a big thick cock to jam inside her.
	I licked her through it, then sat back and gazed at the two of them. Amy lay sprawled spread-eagled on her back, her face glistening wet from Shannon's cunt juices. Shannon lay on her face on the grass, her legs apart and framing Amy's head and shoulders.
	And here I was still fully clothed and horny as hell. If they thought they were finished they were in for another thought.
	I stood up and peeled off my clothes. Shannon rolled onto her side, and then sat up, pushing a hand through her tangled hair. She blinked her eyes at me and grinned tiredly.
	"If you think you're finished, slave, you can think again," I said, standing over her with my cunt practically in her face.
	"You'll have to get yourself some chains," she sighed.
	"I don't think so."
	I reached down and gripped her thick hair, tugging lightly, but insistently, forcing her up on her knees and pulling her face in between my legs. She gripped my thighs and started to lick at my slit as I slid my fingers through her hair and spread my legs for her.
	Amy sat up slowly, panting still. She watched us, licking her lips, looking a little stunned by the sexual storm that had engulfed her. I held out a hand towards her and she got to her knees, then crawled over and took it. I pulled her face in beside Shannon, putting a hand behind each of their heads.
	Shannon eased back and Amy, after a brief hesitation, leaned in and began to lick at my pussy. Then, to my surprise, Shannon pulled away and crawled behind me. I didn't know what she was going to do until she squeezed my buttocks, pulled them aside and pushed her tongue up against my wrinkled anus.
	I was stunned. I'd never heard of anyone doing anything like that before. It felt good, though, strange but... but sexy. I had one tongue slithering up and down my pussy crack and another licking at my ass. I gripped both of them by the hair, feeling really powerful, like I was the mistress of them both, standing there over them with my legs spread and their faces in my crotch.
	I groaned in happiness and pleasure, tugging lightly on their hair.
	"Lick meeee!" I sighed. "Lick me, you bitches!"
	Shannon pressed her lips against my anus and stuffed her slippery tongue up inside as Amy peeled my pussy open and stuck her tongue in my pussy hole. I was in heaven, my head rolling slowly from side to side as my body thrummed with sexual electricity.
	The situation was so lushly erotic, so intense, that I came within minutes, my legs wobbling and my hips humping in and out as their tongues lathered up my insides.
	After that we got dressed quickly and headed off to where we were supposed to be. It had been a neat, pleasant interlude for me. For Amy and Shannon something else again. Amy became Shannon's shadow, or was it the other way around. I saw them constantly together.
	And when one was missing, so was the other. I knew Shannon had the girl naked somewhere, and they were sucking and licking each other to orgasms. I didn't feel left out, though. I was looking for more cock, not more pussy, and besides, I could've gone up to that little hiding place any time I wanted. That was where I figured they were doing it.
	But I had Pete to fit into my few spare moments. My first time fucking him had been a sudden impulse, and I'd regretted it almost immediately afterwards because I was sure he'd blab it all over camp. I mean, it was a helluva good story for a guy to want to brag about.
	I was surprised when nobody seemed to have heard a thing, and thought a lot more of him because of that. So when he started giving me the look, you know the look, well, I wasn't very resistant. All I wanted was something...something daring... something hot and erotic and... And maybe a little dangerous.
	That was why I put him off that evening. I was trying to think of something that would be... really... really daring and sexy.
	Then, as we were all getting ready for bed, I thought of it. The very thought made my breasts swell and my nipples harden. I lay there quietly, cupping my oozing pussy as the lights were turned off and everyone tried to get to sleep.
	It would have to be the right time, and it would be really dangerous, but oh what a thing to do, what a thing to remember when I was old, to brag about to trusted friends.
	I had a little watch with an alarm that, instead of buzzing, made a kind of vibration against my wrist. I set it for two in the morning, and then drifted off to sleep. It was ten, so I could still get some, I hoped.
	I was so excited, though, that I only got a tiny bit, drifting off and waking constantly. I was awake before two, and silently slipped out from under my covers. I was naked, but put on my sweatshirt, the dark one that covered me to my thighs.
	Then, clad in that, my tennis shoes, and nothing else, I snuck silently out the door. I kept one of my eyes closed as I made my way down the path. It was much darker inside the cabins, then outside and I wanted my vision to be completely settled to that amount of light when I got to the guys cabin.
	Nobody was up at that time. We were early to bed, early to rise around here. I got to the guys' cabin without anyone seeing me, slipped off my shoes, then, still with one eye closed, I eased the screen door back and, on all fours, slipped inside.
	I opened my other eye, and could see the cabin fairly well. It was just like ours, with bunk beds lining all the walls. The sounds of deep slumber came from numerous beds.
	I searched them carefully, trying to find Pete. It was hard to see in the darkness, even though at least one of my eyes was fully adjusted. I crawled forward, knowing as I did that any of the guys who were awake, and behind me, would be able to see my naked ass and pussy.
	What in hell I would do if someone woke up and found me here, I didn't know, but visions of a gang bang passed before my eyes. That too excited me, because it seemed like such a slutty, trampy, wild thing to do. I'd already had sex with two men at the same time, after all, why not ten?
	Anyway, whether I'd have the guts for that or not I would prefer that that sort of thing wait until my final few days. I didn't want everyone here sneering at me as a total whore.
	I crawled along the lower bunks, but didn't see Pete. I had to stand up before I spotted him. He was on an upper bunk. I went to the head of the bunk and very slowly and carefully and quietly climbed up until my face was inches from Pete's.
	I put my hand over his mouth and he woke suddenly, his eyes going wide. He made a startled sound, which my hand muffled, then pushed my hand away and sat up. He gaped at me in disbelief as I grinned at him, then he looked around carefully.
	He grinned back, shook his head, and started to climb down. I shook my head and motioned him back. He was puzzled, but backed off as I climbed up into his bunk.
	"You're out of your fucking mind!" he whispered.
	"I know!" I whispered back. "Lie down."
	He lay down again on his back and I moved around so I was straddling him. He tugged his underwear down as I reached down cross-handed, gripped the hem of my sweatshirt, and pulled it up and off.
	Pete stared at me in disbelief as I leered down at him. His head turned to the side and he gazed out on the sleeping room as I leaned over him and dangled my breasts in his face. Then he reached up for them, squeezing and kneading the soft meat as I rubbed my pussy and ass against his groin.
	His cock hardened rapidly and I could feel it pressing against my buttocks as I ground myself against him. I leaned over further and let him suck on my nipples, panting for breath... quietly, as I looked around the room at all the guys there.
	Then I eased upwards and reached between my legs for his cock. I rubbed the head up and down against my pussy opening, and then slowly eased down onto it. I clenched my teeth to keep from making a sound as it split my sex lips and slid up inside me.
	I sank down fully atop it, feeling it moving upwards into my belly until I felt full and cramped. My buttocks flattened against his hips as I took it all in, then I bent over him again and let him knead and suckle at my breasts.
	I was so aroused that I was about to come, come without even any pumping. I dropped my body onto his, rushing my breasts against his chest as I buried my face in his pillow and shuddered repeatedly. My insides twisted and churned as I ground myself furiously against his blood-engorged cock.




Eight



My body trembled and shook against Pete as the orgasm lashed my nervous system. It was all I could do to keep my mouth closed, even though my skull threatened to explode from the pressure of trying to contain my orgasmic bliss.
	There were guys sleeping all around us, and here I was totally naked, with a big cock up inside me, grinding and moaning through an orgasm. I almost fainted from the heat and sexual delight.
	Then the orgasm eased, leaving me panting and moaning softly atop him as Pete squeezed and rubbed my buttocks and began to hump into me with slow movements. I pushed myself back up and back, then pressed my hands flat against his chest and began to ride up and down on his tool.
	I was keeping my breath as low as possible, and keeping my movements as smooth and shallow as I could, but there was still noise enough that anyone in the room who was awake would know right away what was going on.
	My hope was that nobody else was awake, and that they'd stay asleep while I was riding Pete's cock.
	My hot, wet pussy sheath slid smoothly up and down his boner as I rode up and down. He had one hand on my ass and the other on one of my breasts as he fucked up into me to meet my down strokes. Occasionally I bent way over and let him suck on my nipples, or we would kiss passionately.
	Then I felt the prelude of another orgasm. I arched my back, gripping his thighs as I rode faster and let his cock stroke especially hard against my clitty. Pete reached down and pressed his thumb against my clit, pressing it down against his cock as I bounced on it.
	He was trying to be helpful, but when the orgasm lashed me it was all I could do to keep from screaming. I bounced harder and harder, making the boards under his bed creak as I sawed my clitty across his rigid prong.
	Pete sat up, his arms going around me and pulling me in against him. I wrapped my legs around him and our lips met with crushing force, our tongues shooting into each other's mouths. His hands gripped my ass and jammed me in against him as we rocked back and forth.
	Then he leaned forward, pushing me back onto my back, sliding in on top of me. He thrust himself into me again and again, making me gasp and moan in pleasure as his tool pumped up in my belly. Then he went into overdrive, thrusting especially powerfully as his cock spat out slippery white juice.
	His cream poured into me as he settled atop me and kissed the nape of my neck. My sucking pussy drew it all down and drank it all up.
	Then we lie there together, arm in arm, silently recuperating.
	I got my sweatshirt but didn't put it on just yet. I climbed slowly down from his bunk and stood there naked in the middle of the room; Pete grinning at me as I kind of posed and flaunted my body. I bent way over and spread my legs for him, then straightened up and arched my back, sliding my hands through my hair.
	Around me, the other guys remained asleep, while Pete shook his head in wonder.
	I pulled my sweatshirt on and walked out of the cabin, found my shoes, then hurried back to my own cabin to try and get some more sleep.

	"You're a fucking lunatic," he said to me the next day.
	"Anyone say anything?"
	"No. But you were lucky nobody woke up."
	"Do you think they would have been mad?" I said, pouting.
	"Mad? I doubt it."
	"Think they might've attacked me?" I cooed. "That maybe the whole cabin would have wanted to gang bang me?"
	"Yeah," he said, leering.
	"Maybe some day they'll get lucky," I shrugged.
	"Can't we have sex where I don't have to worry about a heart attack?"
	"But then it's no fun," I said.
	"It's always fun."
	"Okay, then it won't be as much fun."
	"I'll take my chances."
	"I wonder where we should do it next." I grinned.
	"How about in the Horner's bed, with them asleep beside us."
	"Hmmm, good idea," I said.
	"Yeah, right," he snorted.
	I went looking for Shannon, and spotted her down by the dock, heading into the boathouse with Amy. I trotted down and caught them just as she was about to close the door. She didn't look happy, but grumbled and let me in.
	"It's hard to find you these days," I said, eyeing Amy, who blushed.
	"I've been busy," Shannon said.
	"Yeah, I can guess what with," I grinned.
	"I'm supposed to educate our campers, aren't I?" Shannon purred, going over to Amy and standing beside her. 
	"Yeah, but you're not supposed to suck their guts out through their pussy."
	Amy blushed even more, and Shannon put an arm over her shoulders and smiled at her.
	"Just teaching the dear girl the joys of her body," she said.
	"And what about the joys of a stiff cock up her pussy?"
	"She doesn't need that," Shannon glared.
	"She's not gay, Shannon."
	"Who says?"
	"She did."
	"I-I might be, I guess," Amy said.
	"Crap. You like fucking with Shannon. So do I. It doesn't mean I don't like getting a good hard fucking by a guy too."
	"She's enjoying herself with me," Shannon said indignantly.
	She turned and smiled at Amy again, then turned to me with a feral grin. "Wanna see something?"
	Amy, like us, was wearing cut-offs and a T-shirt. Shannon gripped the T-shirt and pulled it up and off as Amy stood there compliantly. She undid the girl's bra and removed it, then turned to me, draping her arm across the blonde's shoulders again.
	"Take a look at these," she said, grinning at me as she ran a hand along the undersides of Amy's breasts. 
	Both her round orbs were swollen with heat, her nipples stiff and hard and ready.
	"So what?" I said. "I've gotten hard nipples around you too, Shannon."
	Her left arm was draped across Amy's narrow shoulders as she stood beside her. She dropped her right from the blonde's breasts, undoing the front of her cut-offs, then shoving it down the front.
	I could see the back of her hand moving inside Amy's pants, could see as she started rubbing at her pussy crack. Almost at once Amy's eyes started to glaze over and her head went back. Her hips began to grind and hump as her breathing grew ragged.
	Soon she was gasping for breath, moaning and humping as Shannon smiled down in anticipation. In about a minute she came, her back arching, hard round breasts thrusting out tautly as she shuddered and trembled in orgiastic release.
	Shannon turned to me triumphantly. "I can make her come almost at will," she said. "I can make her come again and again and again. I made her faint twice last night. She doesn't need any man's dirty cock."
	"Let her try it and see."
	"Forget it. You want some of her, or not?"
	"Right now, I guess not."
	"Then go away." 
	She turned to Amy as she started to peel off her shirt. "Get your pants off, baby," she said.
	I left, but kept my eye open for when Amy was alone. The opportunity to get her didn't come until a couple of days later. I talked to her about how great it could be to have a cock inside her, and told her that she really didn't need to do something just because Shannon said.
	After a little bit of discussion she admitted that she had the hots for several guys in camp, which convinced me, and her, that she probably wasn't gay. 
	"There won't be a better opportunity for you to see what its' like than now," I said.
	"But with who?" she said. "I don't think I want Chris to try again."
	"I know a guy. Pete. You know him?"
	She nodded ever so slightly.
	"He'll keep his mouth shut, too. And he'll only do what you want. Wanna try it?"
	"You'll be there?"
	"If you want."
	So we made an appointment, and I showed Pete that hiding place of Shannon's, and told him to meet me there at exactly six o'clock. At five thirty I went there and met Amy, and we both stripped off.
	Shannon was right about how responsive she'd become. We sat down side by side and I began to jerk her off, and she came in about thirty seconds, arching her back repeatedly as she gurgled in wonder. We did a sixty-nine then, which was something I'd heard of but never done before.
	She'd done it with Shannon, though, and eagerly thrust her lips into my pussy slit and started sucking as I flicked my tongue up and down her own cleft. She came, then came, then came again before I started to hump down at her and jam my spurting pussy against her mouth.
	Then I pulled away and knelt between her legs. With my tongue and lips and fingers I probed and licked and caressed her body, bringing her up to the edge of orgasm repeatedly without letting her go over. By the time Pete got there she was ready to fuck a horse.
	I had been finger-fucking her for about twenty minutes, and had gotten two fingers up her snatch as the bushes rustled and Pete crawled through. His jaw dropped as he saw what awaited him.
	"Ahh, Pete. Nice of you to drop in," I grinned.
	He crawled forward until he was kneeling beside me, his eyes on Amy, who stared back.
	"What the fuck's going on?" he gasped.
	"This is Amy. Shannon's been at her the last few days, sucking and licking and fingering her little pussy slit. Don't blush, honey," I said to Amy.
	"Anyway, she really wants to see what a cock looks like."
	"You're out of your fucking mind!" he gasped.
	"Not at all. Do you want this poor girl to think she's a lesbian? I told her that you had a great cock, and knew how to use it. You're not gonna disappoint her, are you?"
	From the bulge in his pants I didn't think so. He stared at Amy, and then gasped in excitement as he saw my hand sliding in between her legs and my fingers going into her fuck opening. I pumped them in and out as he watched, and ran my other hand over her belly to her breasts.
	"Come on, Pete. She needs to get her cherry popped."
	"Fuck," he gulped.
	"That's the idea."
	He shuffled forward on his knees until he was between her legs, and then eased his hands down onto her belly. I sat back as he ran his hands up and down her, then cupped and squeezed her breasts. Amy stared up at him with wide eyes, obviously anxious and nervous.
	"You're really a virgin?" he asked.
	She nodded.
	He slid a hand down between her legs and fingered her pussy, and she wriggled her hips excitedly.
	"Why don't you lie down like you did last night?" I suggested. "Let her sit down on you and take it in as fast as she wants."
	So he lay down on his back and I tugged his pants down while Amy got to her knees, and then gingerly straddled his hips. She sat down as I held his cock, and brought her cunt opening down against the head. I let go and sat back again, watching as she rubbed herself against his cockhead and bit by bit let her weight down.
	I could see her close her eyes and tremble as the thickness of his cockhead began to strain her pussy opening. But she was much hotter now than she'd been with that dork Chris, and her pussy was oiled and ready. His cockhead slipped inside, and began to drive upwards into her belly.
	She groaned and panted as she took more and more cock up inside her, then halted and backed up a bit. For the next couple of minutes she ground herself down, pumped up and down with very short, shallow motions, and gradually worked the front of her pussy open.
	Then she gave a little cry as her eyes widened, and sank down several more inches. She halted like that, unmoving, then after a minute sank slowly down to the hilt.
	"Oh God!" she breathed.
	"You got it all inside now, baby," Pete sighed.
	"I feel so.... full," she groaned.
	Pete's hands came up and squeezed her breasts as she wriggled her ass a little on his hips.
	Her pussy soon loosened up, and she began to ride up and down like an expert jockey, leaning forward, slapping her ass down, going faster and faster and faster as she yelped and grunted and squealed in pleasure.
	And that was pretty much what Shannon saw when she crawled through the opening in the bushes. She glared angrily at the sight, turned her glare on me, then turned around and climbed back out. I looked at Amy, who obviously didn't need my reassurance any more, then pulled on my cut-offs and bikini top and followed her.
	I looked for her in the boathouse, at the beach, at the lodge, and then finally spotted her back at the women counsellors' cabin. I braced myself for a nasty argument, and then trotted up the stairs.
	She was alone in the cabin, and unlocking one of her suitcases.
	"Uhm, Shannon, look," I said.
	"Forget it," she snapped.
	"I just thought she should see what it was like. I mean, that was what she came to me for in the first place."
	"Right. She came to you," she sniffed.
	"Well, I uh, okay, I did kind of... start..."
	"I said forget it," she said, opening one of her suitcases.
	"What are you doing? You're not leaving are you?"
	"Are you crazy? Of course I'm not leaving."
	"Well then what are you...?”
	She pulled a great big black rubber dildo out of the suitcase and turned to me, holding it up so it pointed at my nose.
	"Whoa," I said.
	"I never understood what it was you straight girls saw in penetration, but if you all need it that much, well I've got something you can use."
	"It's uh, not the same," I said, eyeing the big, realistic looking cock. "I mean, I've never used one of those before but..."
	"Pull down your pants."
	"Uh, just a second."
	"Now."
	"Here?"
	"You're the one who likes to do things the exciting way." 
	"Well, yeah but..."
	"So get em off so I can jam this up your cunt."
	"I think you're being a bit romantic for my liking."
	She advanced on me, waving the big dildo as I backed up.
	"Take em off," she glared.
	"Forget it."
	Then the door opened and Amber walked in. She looked from me to Shannon, then at the dildo.
	"If you're gonna stab her with that she'll have to take her clothes off," she giggled.
	"If you don't butt out I'll stab you, you little cow," Shannon glared, jabbing the dildo into one of her big breasts.
	Amber looked at me and grinned, then looked back at Shannon. "Well, it's kind of big, but we can try if you'd like."
	Shannon frowned in confusion, and then glared at me. I shrugged my shoulders.
	"Oh come oooon. Do you really think I never noticed the way you look at women? The way you've been disappearing with that little blond cupcake? And now that I think of it, that story about how you lost your clothes when you were out with her seems kind of suspicious. I mean, they always call to complain when anything happens, and they never did. I wonder why?"
	"So?"
	"Sooooo, if you can think of someplace uhm, private, maybe we can try your little toy out."
	Shannon stared at her. So did I. She leered at both of us and stuck those round melons out.
	"Are you kidding?"
	"I've always wanted to know what it was like to be with a girl," Amber said. "And uh, well, I wouldn't mind trying it with you." She looked at me. "Or you."
	Shannon's little hiding place was occupied, of course, but it turned out she knew another location almost as good. The three of us wandered off there. Amber seemed pretty... well...nonchalant, and I wondered if she were telling the truth about never being with a girl before. On the other hand, she was so cheerful and relaxed and good natured about everything else that I guess it was kind of in character for her not to be too much concerned.
	We went into a field beyond the woods, and Shannon turned and faced Amber. Amber was still looking cheerful and inquisitive, turning her eyes from me to Shannon. Shannon opened the bag she'd been carrying the dildo in and took it out.
	Amber laughed, then reached down and peeled up her shirt. She pushed down her shorts and panties then undid her bra and tossed it on the grass. Her breasts stuck out proudly, her nipples huge and brown and hard.
	She licked her lips, showing the first sign of nervousness I'd seen in her, and looked towards both of us.
	"Uhm, well girls?" 
	Shannon tossed the dildo to me, then undid her top and took it off. She skinned off her shorts and panties too and stepped over to Amber. Amber was shorter and turned her head upwards as Shannon stepped toe to toe with her. 
	Then Shannon slid her arms around the short, buxom girl and drew their bodies in tightly together. Amber gulped as her breasts mashed against Shannon's, then Shannon's lips came down on hers and they kissed.
	I watched, squeezing the dildo in my hands, then, as their kiss became more passionate, dropped it and began to strip myself. Their hands went around each other and began to stroke and squeeze each other's buttocks as I stepped forward. I put an arm around both their shoulders then leaned in, pressing my breasts against them both, and kissed Amber, then Shannon.
	The three of us sank to the ground, Amber on her back, Shannon between her legs. I straddled Amber's face and eased my pussy down. She raised her hands and squeezed my ass, then stared at my slit excitedly before sticking her tongue out and licking it along my pussy cleft.
	I rubbed myself against her, and reached back to mash her breasts as she probed at my pussy with her tongue. Her breasts were so big and soft that I wanted to sink my fingers down into them and make them disappear.
	I pinched and pulled at her nipples for a minute, then forgot about them as I leaned forward again to ride her face. For a complete novice she was doing pretty good, but then I guessed she was just imitating whatever Shannon was doing between her legs.
	Since Shannon was an expert, it didn't take long for me to come. Then me and Shannon traded places. While she rode Amber's face I got the dildo and slowly fitted it into the blonde's pussy hole, then stuffed it deep as I licked at her clitty.
	Well, we did everything three people could do that afternoon, and if it really was Amber's first time with girls she sure adapted quickly. Almost as quickly as Amy adapted to boys. Pete must have done a helluva job with her, because for the rest of the summer she screwed just about every male over the age of 18 in the camp and quite a few of the females too.
	As for me, well, the summer was memorable. I got as much sex as I'd fantasised about, and despite all the exciting, dangerous and well, slutty things I did (including 2 gang bangs on the last weekend), I was still able to go home and pretend to everyone that I was still a virgin.
	Summer camp can be fun for older girls too.

The end.

“Taken by Force”

By

Jay Merson

© Copyright. Jay Merson 2002. The right of Jay Merson to be identified as the author of this book has been asserted in accordance with Section 77 and 78 of the Copyrights and patents Act 1988. Copying of this manuscript, in whole or in part, without the written permission of the author or his publisher is strictly prohibited, illegal and would constitute a breach of copyright held.



She was dangling, suspended by the wrists from the overhanging branch of a tree, and bound there securely with thick rope that cut cruelly into her soft flesh.  Her feet were swinging inches clear of the peaty and ant-infested ground of the rain forest, she was totally naked and in a poor condition, only semi-conscious and with her head down and chin resting on her chest.  Vivid red welts criss-crossed her back, buttocks and the rear of her thighs; her breasts too bore the marks of a severe whipping and her nipples showed bite marks that had punctured her tender little buds. Thick globules of semen trickled out of her pussy and anus to collect between her thighs and to run down the insides of her legs.
	It was a pitiful sight to see one so young, such a pretty and shapely woman that had been - ‘Taken by Force’.

								***

At the front of the aeroplane gangway and in full view of all of the passengers, the hijacker pulled the airhostess by the arm and made her face away from him. With his right hand he held his pistol up in plain view, high above his shoulder, and with his left he pushed down on the girl’s neck to bend her over.  He held her there, pushed forward over the armrest of the seat, her head right down and her backside facing and level with his crotch. The tall black-skinned man pressed the barrel of the pistol hard into the back of her neck to free his other hand and to hold her there under threat.
	The man sniggered wickedly and felt under the back of her skirt, groping clumsily and greedily at her soft buttocks in his urgency. His long fingers probed and felt, slipping under the side elastic of her panties as the girl sobbed her shame to the upholstered seat.
	She blurted a huge sob as two of his fingers rammed up into her pussy and then wailed loudly as he began to finger-fuck her crudely and roughly in public. 
	Hard and brutally he drove his fingers into her pussy hole, forcing them right up and in until no more could possibly enter and his hand banged against her buttocks. For several minutes the man defiled her sex before pulling out, sniffing at his wet fingers loudly and then pushed them into his mouth.
	Women passengers gagged in disgust and one was sick, the spectacle of the man sucking and licking at the girl’s vaginal juices from his fingers, simply too revolting for them to stomach.
	The hijacker lifted her pleated skirt, flipping it up onto the small of her back and chuckling loudly as he did so. The man grasped her little pink panties and in one great tug ripped the thin cotton covering savagely from her body.
	“Ever had a black cock up you, girly?” He sniggered.
	“Noooooo!” she wailed. “Please no.”
	He groaned his appreciation at the sight of her firm rounded arse, the firm cleft between her buttocks and the puffy lips of her pussy peaking out between the tops of her thighs. The man gloated proudly, scanning his gaze around the shocked passengers and then eased his thick cock out of his trousers.
	A ripple of gasps ran through the seated passengers as he levelled the head of his cock at the entrance to the girl’s pussy and pushed fully up inside her in one great and urgent thrust.
	“Nice,” he chuckled smugly as he began a steady pumping into her sex. “Moist but not wet – yet.”
	The man grunted and moaned loudly as his pleasure gradually built, he thrust harder and faster into the sobbing girl, slamming his hips hard up against her slim body. He pressed the barrel of the gun harder down on the back of her neck and battered hard and frantically against her.
	Women passengers turned their heads, male passengers looked on in a state of interested sexual arousal, the sight of the girl’s naked thighs and backside, the fact that she was being raped before them, compelling viewing for them. Black skin battering against white, a glistening black cock pumping hard in and out of a white pussy held a morbid attraction all of its own for them.
	“Unnh!” the hijacker cried out, he tensed his body and emptied his load of cum deep into the weeping girl’s body, slowing his strokes as the final jets of his seed squirted into her. 
	Beaming his delight he pulled out of her pussy and pushed his softening cock back into his trousers, his chest inflated and glowing pride showing in his expression. He swaggered arrogantly down the isle of the plane, brandishing the gun and looking carefully at the cowering passengers in the seats on either side. At a young and blonde girl, twenty-years-old if not a year or two younger, he halted, staring hungrily at her pretty face. The man leered and drooled, flicking his gaze down to the swell of her breasts and then to her slim and shapely thighs. For several moments he ogled her lecherously and then addressed her mother seated next to her.
	“What an attractive daughter you have,” he complimented with a sickening grin and added. “I think she will be the next one that I will fuck. Black man never had fresh young white girl,” he said mockingly and roared his laughter.
	The mother screamed so loudly that even the hijacker’s evil roar of laughter was drowned out. 

								***

In the cockpit of the aircraft the second hijacker, a big, tall and bearded Blackman, held this pistol to the side of the air stewardess’s neck. His left arm circled her, pulling her little body hard back onto him and his hand was inside her ripped blouse. He was a gorilla of a man, not only tall but also powerfully built, with thick forearms and hands the size of dinner plates. One of those great hands, his left, felt roughly at the little air stewardess’s tits, groping and squeezing the little orbs most crudely.
	“Steer a course of one-seven-o-five,” he instructed the pilot gruffly. “Descend to a height of ten thousand feet and then lower your landing gear.”
	The pilot turned in his seat to look back over his shoulder, his expression one of total bewilderment.
	“But…” he protested. “There is nothing beneath us but miles and miles of jungle.”
	“Do it!” The man snapped back, his gravely voice booming in the small confinements of the cockpit.
	He pressed himself harder against the little oriental air stewardess, grinding his huge cock hard into her back just between her shoulder blades. He looked down on the snivelling little girl, at her jet-black hair and almond shaped eyes set in the pretty and child-like face.
	“When we land, my pretty little piece of girl meat, I am going to fuck your sweet little pussy raw.”
	She blurted a huge sob and began to wail as the man moaned his pleasure at the feel of her tiny, warm body against him.


								***

At the rear of the plane, near to the toilet and in the clear isle area behind the seats, the third hijacker rested back against the wall. His head lolled back and his hips were pushed forward, his feet set apart and his legs braced, he had an expression of sheer bliss etched on his face and he was moaning softly as the kneeling woman sucked on his cock.
	She wasn’t young, about forty-two, but the woman was most attractive with a neat, slim body and full red painted lips. Wealthy she was, judging by the clothing she wore, designer labels only and her jewellery obviously top quality from the better range of stores. She knelt there sobbing as she sucked the man, tears stained her cheeks and her shoulders shook with great heaving sobs.
	The hijacker raised his pistol; his arm extended, and pointed it at the man seated closest to him.
	“Mmmm,” he muttered. “Your wife certainly gives good head.”
	He laughed at the weeping man.
	“Bet she didn’t only practice on you to get this good,” he taunted and looked down at the woman kneeling between his feet, then said thoughtfully. “I think she has sucked lots of cocks in her time – haven’t you, slut?”
	The woman didn’t answer, she simply sobbed and continued sucking his thick cock. Her mouth stretched wide by his shaft and her red lips gripping around it to bloat her cheeks out.
	He slapped her head hard with his free hand.
	“Answer me! Haven’t you?” he raved.
	The woman slid her wet mouth off his twitching shaft, a thin string of saliva dangling from her lip.
	“Yes,” she said softly to appease.
	The hijacker pushed his cock back into her mouth and forced it hard to the back of her throat to cause the woman to gag fearfully.
	“You see!” he addressed the husband. “She admits to being a dirty slut. What is it like knowing that your slut wife is a dirty cocksucker eh? She certainly seems to like black cock doesn’t she?”
	The husband turned away in disgust.
	“Look at her!” the hijacker screamed angrily at him and pulled back the firing hammer of the pistol in threat. “You will watch your slut wife suck me.”
	The man turned reluctantly back and looked on with a blank expression as his wife’s head bobbed back and forth on the man’s erect cock.
	“Mmmm, she really is very good,” the hijacker moaned contentedly. “I wonder if she fucks as well as he sucks. I’ll bet she just loves taking black men’s cocks up her.”
	The husband broke down completely, weeping loudly and covering his face with his hands.
	“I’ll bet she has been had by lots of men,” he continued to taunt. “Sluts like her open their legs for any man and take cock readily. Don’t you, slut?”
	The woman simply grunted her forced agreement and continued sucking him.
	“Like it up the arse do you, bitch, eh do you?” the hijacker chortled.
	She gave an involuntary shudder of deep revulsion but continued to bob her head on him, trying hard to get the man to come quickly and to end her ordeal.
	“I think I might just try that,” the hijacker groaned thoughtfully. “To stretch your little arse ring a bit and make you…”
	The kneeling woman recoiled in disgust as the first jet of warm, thick sperm hit the back of her throat and she fell backward on the floor with thick globules of cum splattered over her face. She gagged and then retched, wiping furiously at her mouth with the back of her hand to try to remove the offending liquid.
	The hijacker chuckled as he wanked himself to a slow finish, coaxing every last drop of his cum out of his softening cock.
	“Silly move, slut” he said in a regretful tone and shook his head slowly side-to-side. “Now you will have to try all over again.”


								***


The plane was so low in altitude now that it was only a hundred or so feet above the treetops, the undercarriage wheels in danger of clipping them if they went any lower.
	“In a moment you will see the landing strip,” the big hijacker said evenly. “You will land the plane there.”
	“What?” the pilot blurted in horror. “This is an airliner, far too large for any landing strip – it requires a full runway - you’ll kill us all!”
	The hijacker simply repeated in his even but firm tone, “Land it as I say or first I shoot this girl and then I will shoot you.”
	The pilot gripped the controls, so tightly that his knuckles were bled white and he was sweating profusely.
	Through the small front windscreen a narrow landing strip became visible, far off in the distance, cut out in the trees to form a short, barren strip in the heavy green jungle.
	“Impossible!” the pilot yelled in panic.
	“Possible,” the big man stated calmly in response. “And you will do it.”
	“No! Not possible,” the pilot screamed.
	“Yes!” the big man stated firmly and clicked back the hammer of the pistol to add emphasis to his statement.
	“Oh God. Oh Goddddddd!” the pilot muttered as the small strip loomed closer and closer by the second. Then he flicked the switches to alter the flaps and began the descent.

The air was filled with a deafening metallic screeching as the aeroplane wheels collapsed on landing. The whole aircraft bounced and shuddered violently as it skidded along the rough dirt landing strip on its belly, propelling headlong toward the trees at the end. Panic filled the cabin, screaming and shouting, the passengers in panic and the scene one of total chaos. Those fearful screams increased as first one wing was ripped off as the plane slewed along, and then jerked violently to the side as the second wing was smashed and torn from the body. The remaining body of the plane bounced and jerked, reared and skidded before slowing and finally coming to an abrupt halt against the trees with a sickeningly hard jolt.
	Several minutes of stunned silence followed, all of the passengers – and the hijackers too – needing seconds to collect their stunned thoughts.
	“Out!” one hijacker suddenly screamed to break the eerie silence and fired a shot into the roof of the plane. “Everyone out – now!”

One hijacker stood by the narrow doorway in readiness as another, further back down the plane, herded the passengers into one long file in the gangway of the plane. 
	“Go!” the hijacker by the door shouted, grabbed the first passenger by the collar and shoved him roughly out of the door. One by one as the weeping and murmuring people filed to the door he grabbed their clothing at the shoulder and launched them roughly forward to drop down the five or so feet to the ground.  Quickly and hurriedly the people shuffled forward, heads down and trembling to be unceremoniously pitched out of the door.
	“Halt!” he commanded as the young blonde girl he had earlier spied was pushed forward. He ogled her leeringly for a second, running his gaze down over her shapely form then extended his arm and cupped her breast through her clothing, his bony fingers feeling and squeezing lewdly.
	 “Mmmm, nice and firm,” he chuckled and dropped his hand to her crotch and covered her pussy with his palm, feeling the shape of it through her thin skirt. His fingers kneaded and groped, felt and stroked greedily at the mound and lips of her young pussy.
	The girl stood passively, humiliated and so very frightened. She hung her head and sobbed in jerking gulps but made no attempt to object or to stop the man feeling her sex.
	“Later,” the man muttered. “Later I will have you, give you a good length of black cock to sate that little pussy of yours.”
	The suddenly, he removed his hand and shoved her out of the plane, resuming his rapid pulling and pushing as the passengers each took their turn at the door.
	Outside in the jungle clearing, eight combat-suited terrorists clutching machine guns stood ready to receive the new arrivals, to welcome them, to introduce them to their land and what would become - for the unfortunate people – a living hell. One man on either side of the door and two to the front, the other five terrorists stood further back, watching the selection process.
	“Men to the left and women to the right,” one terrorist shouted and his two companions complied. They grabbed at the collars of each passenger as they dropped to the ground, pushing women to the right and the men to the left.
	Over half-an-hour it took to divide the people and when the last passenger had been taken from the plane, two separate groups existed and all within those groups stood crying and terror stricken. All eight of the terrorists now stood shepherding the cowering passengers; four soldiers to tend each group and with their machine guns levelled menacingly. 
	In the doorway of the plane the big bearded man appeared, his great bulk filling the small doorway completely. He dropped the short fall to the ground with amazing and expert ease, that of a trained soldier, dragging the wailing oriental girl with him. He strode out several long and looping strides away from the plane and turned back to face the two groups. To his side he held the sobbing oriental girl; his big hand still clamped over one of her neat little breasts as he pulled her against his body, the big man pointed at the group of men and bellowed the order.
	“March them away – into the jungle with them.”
	There was much wailing and sobbing from the group of women as they watched their husbands and loved ones led off into the thick, tangled undergrowth of the jungle. At gunpoint they were forced to first kneel and then to sit and the weeping women complied quickly and without question.
	“Well?” the big man asked and took a step closer to the group of women.
	One of his soldiers ran hurriedly to him, halted and saluted and then read from his clipboard. He was short and fat, sweat coated his black face and the sergeant’s stripes on his sleeve were faded and worn.
	“Two-hundred and forty-seven passengers in total, sir,” he announced officiously. “One hundred and sixty three of those men, that then leaves…”
	“I can work that out for myself,” the big man snapped in irritation. “Eighty-four women.”
	“Yes, sir.”
	The huge, bearded leader held the oriental air stewardess to his side and carrying her thus, walked forward, the blubbering little girl’s feet dangling clear of the ground. He pointed with his thick, chubby finger into the group of women.
	“You!” he barked to make several of the women start in shock and fear. “You, old hag, get out and over there.”
	An elderly woman slowly stood and walked out of the group to stand next to one of the waiting guards.
	“And you,” the leader snapped gruffly and pointed again. “And you, and you and you.”
	Within five minutes the group of remaining women had been reduced to fifty-six in numbers, all were reasonably attractive and were fuckable in some degree or another. The older and ugly rejects were then marched away, to where they didn’t know, but their sobbing gave clue to the fate they felt sure awaited them.
	The big bearded leader allowed himself a lengthy grope of the young oriental girl’s tits, rummaging under her thin blouse for several moments before pausing in his play to address the seated women.
	“Listen well if you wish to live,” he said with a broad grin.” You are going to walk now. We have a long way to travel and I will not tolerate either stragglers nor attempted escapes. Either of these actions would result in… You being shot.”
	Women gasped and blurted sobs, most held their faces in their hands and simply tried to absorb the awfulness of their situation.
	The man gave a deep and throaty chuckle and then shouted.
	“Now stand up and strip!”
	Nothing happened for several seconds and then came a terrifying rattle of machine gun fire as one guard emptied the whole magazine of his gun into the air. The firing set the women screaming hysterically and they were then quick to get to their feet and even quicker to pull at their clothes and to strip. They undressed under the leering gazes of the guards and as they became naked they all huddled together, arms held across their breasts and hands held over their pussies. They stood shamed and humiliated with their heads and eyes downcast, looking to the ground and thereby avoiding seeing the grinning faces of the guards. Amidst cries, scream and blubbering sobs the naked women were herded into a single line, shoulder to shoulder and facing the huge bearded leader.
	“Hands by your sides!” he shouted and then chuckled. “Backs straight and heads up – show us what you have to offer, my little sluts.”
	At one end of the line the big man paused, turning back momentarily only to ensure that his little oriental plaything was being held firm by a guard and then, he began his inspection. Down the line of weeping women he strode, ogling their breasts and bodies in general and pausing occasionally to take a closer look at one or the other of the women.
	“Out!” he said in distaste and shoved one of the women so hard in the chest that she was thrown back hard onto the ground behind her. “Her tits are too saggy.”
	His comment raised much laughter from his men but none from the women. Further down the line he paused again.
	“Do you suck cock?” he asked the woman seriously.
	“Oh yes!” she blurted, eager to please and to stay alive. “I simply love to do that.”
	The leader roared with laughter and then landed a stinging slap across her face that jerked her head violently to the side.
	“Liar,” he said easily. “Your thighs are too thick anyway. Guard! Take her away.”
	Four more women were rejected and marched off the same way as the men and the older women had gone. Only minutes passed before from the same direction came the pained wailing of two of the women.
	The leader chuckled and grinned. “Just my men having a bit of fun,” he explained and then roared that deep and belly jerking laugh of his.
	Gunfire from that same direction interrupted him. He shrugged his shoulders and gave an expression of indifference.
	“It seems that your friends don’t like the little games my guards enjoy.”
	All of the women sobbed and wept as the terrorists all enjoyed the joke much.
	The mirth subsided as the serious business of tying the women’s hands was carried out. Each one, with her wrists crossed in front of her, was bound tightly until her wrists were secured and bound together. Once all fifty women were tied, a long and heavy rope was looped around each of the women’s necks before being linked to the next woman, both in front of her and behind. The end result of the labours was a long line of naked and bound women linked together by one long and snaking rope to keep them in that line.
	“Now! The big leader bellowed as he regained his hold on his little oriental slut. “Turn to your right and - March!”
	A guard led off, taking a narrow track worn into the ground that wove its way into the trees and then, deeper into the depths of the dark and tangled jungle. The women, heads hanging down in total resignation of their fate, filed off, shuffling barefoot on the leafy and twig-strewn ground of the tropical rain forest.


								***

The big black leader held back, his hold still firm on the little oriental piece of shag, his great cock was hard and throbbing, his sexual need great indeed. He waited until all were gone, the clearing silent and still and just he and the young girl were alone. He stepped back and away from the little slut, to admire her beauty and shape, her innocent look and her pretty features.
	“Head up girl,” he prompted, his tone even but thick with sexual excitement.
	The little air stewardess complied. She straightened her body and head, her stare directly ahead of her and past him, her hands and arms hanging loosely at her sides. The girl looked radiantly lovely, so sweet and appealing despite her tear-stained cheeks, ruffled hair and ripped blouse. Her dark blue uniform skirt, short and pleated had remained surprisingly crisp and neat, the hang of it from her hips accentuated her shape and the short hem ending mid-way up her thighs showed her shapely legs to best effect. Her little white ankles-socks and polished black shoes added to the overall youthful and schoolgirl appearance that she possessed. Her white blouse, although ripped open at the neck still hugged her neat and petite frame most wonderfully to portray the slim waist and the thrust of her little breasts. At her head, her raven black hair, thick and silky was pulled back in a teasing ponytail and the thick fringe framed her face as a perfect mask of innocent beauty. Wide almond eyes, deep brown, moonlike and sparkling, transmitted a bubbling youthful brightness from her prefect and unblemished olive coloured skin.  But her lips, oh her lips! Full and sweet, puffed and rounded under their coating of bright scarlet and glossy lipstick made her mouth the inviting focal point of her pretty face.
	“Chest out and hold your back straight.”
	He felt his cock lurch in thudding arousal as the little bitch pulled herself up to full height. She was delightful, the prettiest and sweetest little thing he had ever had the fortune to look upon.
	“How old are you girl?”
	“Twenty-one,” she sobbed and rubbed tears from her cheeks with the backs of her hands.
	He nodded his acceptance, all oriental women, he had found, looked much, much younger than their actual years and this one looked as though she were still in her teens. The big leader pulled up a packing crate and sat down, about five feet back from her and to her front.
	“Take off your blouse,” he said easily and without a hint of threat in his tone.
	“Ooooh please,” she sobbed in a pained and pleading voice. “Don’t make me do this.”
	He stared at her, a hard, cold and withering stare filled with utter menace, it was enough to convey his threat and words simply were not necessary.  The big man then watched silently as the girl’s trembling hands went to her blouse and began undoing the remaining buttons. The tiny and delicate slim fingers produced for him a cock-jerking series of surges in his shaft, her elegant fingers and red-painted nails moving so entrancingly in motion. He had felt her tits much during the long journey, he liked women with little tits, but actually seeing the swell of them was far, far better. As the halves of her white blouse parted the firm cleft of her little cleavage became visible, the swelling orbs pushed upward and inward together by her little black bra to form a most inviting valley of soft, silky flesh. The man gave a low groan of appreciation as she slipped the thin material off her shoulders and dropped it to the ground.  He ogled her slim waist and her flat stomach; he felt his balls grip and the sac tighten as the excitement in him mounted.
	“The bra,” he croaked, his throat dry and his sense of arousal high. “Remove your bra.”
	The weeping and snivelling girl slipped her hands up her back, unclipped the catch and allowed her little harness to fall away.
	“Oh my!” he stated emphatically. “Such sweet little orbs. And those long, brown rubbery nipples! The simply beg to be licked and sucked.”
	The girl blurted a heavy sob and averted her eyes to look down at the floor. The way his eyes bored into her naked breasts, hungry and longing and the way he licked lecherously his lips, he revolted her – utterly.
	“Lift the front of your skirt for me little girl.”
	“Not a little girl, she said defiantly between gasped sobs. “I am a woman, fully grown and developed with…”
	“Then show me,” he snarled. 
	She used both her hands to grip the front hem of her little pleated skirt and hesitated there. The girl looked up at him pleadingly through tear-filled eyes, her bottom lip quivering with the unfairness of it all.
	“Why? This isn’t right...”
	His hand moved to and closed around the butt of his pistol, he made to pull the pistol from its holster threateningly and the girl complied instantly.  The big man watched in awe as the hem of her little skirt rose, displaying full the slender thighs of the girl and then drew breath as her little white panties came into view.
	“Up to your waist,” he ordered her.
	The girl lifted and held the skirt bunched up around her waist, weeping softly as the great oaf ogled her hungrily. She stood shamed and humiliated, looking down and to the side, she felt dirty and used, an object of visual sexual gratification and that disgusted her.
	She was perfection itself he felt, the tiny white panties, pure and glowing bright against her darker and unblemished olive skin made a most wonderful contrast. The material hugged her shape delightfully, from the thin side strings on her hips, down over the lower belly and then clinging to the shape of her mound to produce a firm wedge between the tops of her thighs. He sighed wistfully and felt a blob of pre-lube ooze from the eyehole of his cock. He stirred his finger lazily in the air. “Turn now, show me the back.”
	He felt his cock lurch and rear up to press hard against the insides of his trousers as the little bitch turned her back and held her skirt up. She stood with legs braced, her firm young muscles shaping her thighs delightfully and in turn firming the cheeks of her buttocks. The crease of her arse was a true wonder to behold, the thin material of her panties pulling tightly across her buttock cheeks and then pulling down in at the centre to form in the valley between. For many minutes he ogled her, imagining her silky skin beneath and the sweet puckered little ring of her arse hole.
	“Remove the skirt,” he said, his voice now quavering as his pumping excitement and sense of thrill grew.
	Her reluctance and hesitation showed in her slow movements but the girl complied, unclipped the waistband and dropped the skirt around her ankles.
	“Now the panties.”
	She lolled her head back and gave a long and wailing cry of pitiful hopelessness and then hooked her thumbs into the side strings of her panties. Slowly she eased them down to her knees, the gusset sticking momentarily in the folds of her pussy before pulling free. The girl dropped the panties to her feet and stepped out and to the side of them before standing stock still with her hands by her side.
	The leader took in her full beauty, the olive skin and the fine lean muscles that honed and shaped her perfect form.
	“Release your hair,” he said and returned his gaze to the firm cleft of her firm little buttocks.
	The girl used both her hands to free the clamp holding up her ponytail and to allow her long hair to tumble down her back. Long and so evenly black and silky her hair reached down to the small of her back and covered completely her slight shoulders.
	“Face me sweet one,” he said evenly. “Face me little girl.”
	Instantly his gaze fell to the thick matt of hair between her thighs, for one so young it was a veritable forest of tangled but soft pubic hair.
	“Come to me,” he said and extended his hand. The man was unable to disguise the pounding thrill and high excitement he felt, his voice now croaky and his throat dry with anticipation.
	The sobbing girl walked slowly toward him and offered no resistance when he gently took her by the wrist and guided her to sit sideways on his right knee, she was trembling with fear and whimpering softly to herself. She sat, as would a little girl on Santa’s knee, and slipped her left arm around his broad shoulders when instructed to do so. The little oriental girl sat silently as he again began folding and feeling her tits, his thick fingers paying much attention to her nipples, pulling and squeezing the tender buds. She held her breath as his hand then moved down to her leg and began a reverent and adoring stroking of her thighs.
	“Uh!” she blurted as he suddenly cupped her pussy in his palm and then sobbed a heartfelt groaning sigh as his thick middle finger eased up inside her pussy crack. At his urging she parted her knees wider, offering easier access to her sex as the man flicked his thumb across her jutting clitoris and forced his long finger far up inside her body.
	“Marvellous,” muttered as he fingered her. “So warm so wet and so wonderfully tight. “Virgin are you?”
	The girl nodded solemnly and stifled yet another chest heaving sob.
	“Stand,” he instructed her, his finger still buried up inside her pussy.
	She did as she was told and then tensed a his other big hand touched and felt over her buttocks, his big fingers trailing over her soft flesh and delving into the tight cleft between her mounds. The girl’s head threw back, her body locked rigid and her back arched as she felt his big finger press at the entrance to her tiny bum-hole.
	“Noooooo!” she wailed pitifully to the sky above. “Please not in there.”
	Her eyes locked wide and her mouth gaped open in silent pleading as the pressure on her little ring increased and the puckered ring of muscles around her anus began to stretch. She screeched as her ring finally gave and his thick finger forced in and drove far up inside her anus.
	“It hurts…burns…please don’t…”
	“Silence,” he snapped and watched her facial expressions as he fucked her pussy with one finger and her tight little arse hole with the other. Both his big hand worked in tandem, one from the back and one from the front to defile both her orifices at the same time. It pleased him much to see her sensual mouth gape and her face contort in pain, and the way her tears welled up in the corners of her almond eyes and then rolled down her brown cheeks was an added delight for him. Far up into her he pushed his fingers, up until no more of them could enter and he took up a rough and brutal thrusting with both his hands.
	The girl endured it all but not in silence. She wept and wailed, cried out and blubbered constantly but she remained still as she stood, fearful of moving and inch.
	At last, and once he tired of fingering her holes he pulled out, sniffed at the finger that had been up her pussy and moaned his delight loudly.
	“Get on the ground,” he said as he stood up and began undoing his trousers. “On your back with your knees up and parted wide.
	“Please!” She begged; her hands now clasped together as if in prayer. “Don’t… don’t make me do this.”
	His glowering stare was all the encouragement she needed, the naked girl’s knees buckled as she sobbed and she lowered first to her knees and then sat on the ground. Wailing loudly her misery and fear, she laid back, parted her knees and drew them up high to her chest to offer her gaping pussy slit in reluctant readiness.
	He dropped his trousers and then his pants and proudly offered his monster cock, erect and twitching for her approval.
	The girl’s expression, on seeing his huge black cock, was one of utter and total shock and horror. The thing was long, so incredibly long, like a thick cucumber, solid and so thick in girth so as to be impossible for her pussy to accommodate it. To add to the awful appearance of his cock the great bulbous head, purplish and boated in arousal was about the size of a ripe plum and the shaft of his cock gnarled and weathered. For several moments she was frozen into silent immobility, dumbstruck and motionless – then she began to scream.
	He was over her in a second, before the little slut had chance to try to scrabble away, his great hips and bulk pressing down on hers to pin her to the ground. His great arms were braced and stretched, planted firmly either side of her head and his wide hips forcing her thighs apart as he pressed his bulk down on her. She was screaming and wriggling, thrashing her arms wildly to slap ineffectively at his head and shoulders. His huge cock lay on her stomach, the monster shaft reaching almost up to the cleft of her tits and trapped between their bodies. One at a time he shifted the weight off his arms and pinned her wrists to the ground, holding her splayed and defenceless now as she screamed like an injured banshee.
	The girl however feel silent as he shifted his hips back, slid his cock down over her stomach and located the huge head at her pussy lips. She cried out as he pressed in, the pink inner folds of her little pussy parting as the great plum of the head pressed into them.
	“Oh God!” she screamed. “Oh God! Arrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrgggh!”
	Her little cunt lips were forced wide, gripping so tightly around his great shaft a he pushed in. Her little body arched upward as he entered her and then she gave a gurgling sigh of deep pain and he drove his monster cock fully up into her little body. Her hymen broke without resistance to rob her of her virginity and the flooding juices then lubricated the tight seal of her body around his massive girth. The girl grunted and sobbed, wailed and screamed but was defenceless against his great strength. Her little body jerked and jolted as he rammed into her, plunging his great cock hard up into her little hole, gaining in momentum and force as his wild excitement grew. Hard and brutally his great hips slammed against her, inching her whole body along the ground under his powerful thrusting. In and out his long cock pistoned in long and urgent strokes that employed the full length of his cock. Her stretched pussy was battered mercilessly and leaked blood-smeared juices to trickle around her pussy lips. Her head jerked and her tits jiggled as the great heavy brute battered her little body hard and furiously.
	At length he began to tense and slow his strokes. His head lifted back against his shoulders and his mouth opened to roar a deafening shout of pleasure that reverberated around the clearing as he came to his peak. His hips pumped and his buttocks pounded as he injected his wad of thick and warm cum far up into the girl’s delicate interior. Slowly he finished, in even and luxuriously slow strokes of his cock until every last drop of his cum had been squirted into her insides. He pulled out, sated and glowing with pride, his cock had served him well in the past but never so satisfyingly as this time.
	The girl, once released, curled up on her side, her knees drawn up to her chest and her hands covering her face. She wept loudly, wailing her misery as her body shook in spasms of convulsing pain and shame, blood and juices leaked from her raw pussy lips and her anus leaked a trickle of secretions, her body had been used brutally and death seemed to her now to be the better option.
	“Get up slut,” he said gruffly and pulled at her arm. “You, from now on, become my little sexual toy.”
	He laughed aloud as he hauled her to her feet, threw her easily over one of his broad shoulders and strode off down the track in pursuit of the others.


								***


They had been on the march for two hours and the stifling heat and humidity was taking its toll on the naked women, their bodies were damp, glistening with a fine film of sweat. Their jutting breasts shimmered delightfully as the rounds of their arses and the lean slender thighs as they marched but it was a slower and laboured pace now that the women maintained.
	The guards halted them, made the women turn to their right on the narrow track and then to take two steps back onto the long lush grass of the bank.
	“Squat, pee and shit if you wish,” a guard shouted and then smirked. “Knees wide apart so that we can see what all you have.”
	The groaning women complied, those that didn’t need to expel their body wastes squatted anyway, the linking rope around their necks really leaving them little choice. The red-faced women squatted their, their pussies on display to all and their heads dropped in deep and utter shame.
	The guards strolled back and forth down the line, looking between the women’s parted thighs, at the forceful and steaming jets of piss jetting from their bodies and at the several that were taking a shit also. The men ogled and leered, adding to the humiliation that they were subjecting the women too, calling out remarks and laughing heartily as the women wept and sobbed their shame during their ablutions.
	The fat little guard with the over-sized potbelly and the ugly face, the temporary leader during the big man’s absence, pointed his finger at a slim and delicate young brunette.
	“Her,” he ordered the other guards. “Bring her here.”
	The girl was released from the neck rope; her hands still tied, but now free of the line of women. She was marched, blubbering and wailing, toward the fat man with a guard holding firmly to each of her arms. The sobbing little bitch was forced to her knees, her head pushed hard down onto the ground to make her bow in subservience before the other two guards withdrew.
	“Up,” the fat man ordered her and prodded at her back with the barrel of his rifle. “Head up and show me that sweet little mouth of yours.”
	The young girl raised herself and looked up at him pleadingly. Tears rolled down her cheeks, smearing her black mascara into black runs of hideous misery.
	“Don’t kill me, please, don’t kill me,” she blubbered and begged. “I don’t want to…”
	The fat guard chuckled.
	“Okay, slut. Then in order to live you must comply willingly – will you?”
	The girl nodded readily, her long hair bouncing as she did so.
	“Yes – anything just don’t please hurt me.”
	The man straightened himself and pushed his chest out proudly.
	“The degree of pain you will suffer is yours to decide. Comply and be spared it, object and suffer.”
	She blurted a sob and again nodded her head rapidly; she sat back on her heels and rested her hands on her thighs.
	“I’ll do anything you ask,” she stated firmly and appeared to mean it most sincerely.
	The girl didn’t flinch as he eased his cock out of his trousers and held it out in stiff offering, the black rod of pulsing flesh standing up in hard and pulsing erection.
	“Suck it then, you little tart.”
	Her expression was one of resignation; she eyed the twitching member blankly.
	“I could do that much better if wasn’t in front of all the other women,” she said, her voice low and hopeful.
	The fat guard nodded to his colleague.
	The second guard stepped in behind her and swung in hard with the short length of knotted rope. The stiff club off hemp slammed brutally across her lower back to draw a piercing and pained screech from the kneeling girl. Her back bowed and her head fell back, her eyes were wide and staring as the terrible pain tore through her. A second or two after the initial shock had passed she dipped her head forward, opened her sensual mouth wide and took the fat guard’s cock into her mouth. Her head bobbed, sliding her wet mouth back and forth his length in an effort to please and to forestall any further cruel lashes of the rope.
	The fat guard moaned his pleasure as the girl worked her oral magic on him; he looked along the disgusted expressions of the watching women and his level of arousal pumped higher still. It pleased him much to be viewed in pleasure and by a young girl under threat, far better and more satisfying still. 
	“Whip her again, she isn’t using her tongue,” he commanded and then cried out as the girl body bucked under another stinging lash of the rope. He tensing reaction clamped her soft warm mouth so wonderfully around his cock that he nodded again the signal and a third lash swung in at her. Time and again he nodded and then grunted loudly his pleasure as her body jolted and her mouth clamped tight, milking his cock for its sperm that was rapidly building and ready to erupt.
	As he felt the waves of pre-orgasmic tensions coming to him the fat guard grasped her hair roughly at the top of her head to hold her head steady. He pumped hard and cruelly into her soft mouth, ramming his shaft far into her mouth as his excitement grew. As he came, the guard pulled back and in rapid and forceful spurts his cock spat jet after get of thick cum onto her face.
	The girl wailed and gagged as the thick wads of cum spattered over her mouth, her nose and her eyes. She clamped her mouth and eyes tightly shut and wailed her revulsion through closed mouth.
	As the man finished, he pulled her head onto him, rubbed his cock against her face for a moment and then used the long and soft strands of her hair to wipe his cock clean. He shoved her head away from him to sprawl the little slut onto her back, like a used rag, discarded and finished in its usefulness. Grinning broadly he pushed his softening cock back into his trousers and levelled his machine gun at the line of watching women.
	“Your turn,” he addressed the two other guards, and gave a sinister and mocking laugh.
	The guards were at her in a second, eagerly hauling the sobbing girl up onto her knees again and readying her to get fucked from both ends at once. One knelt behind her, the other at her mouth and both her orifices were penetrated at the same time, one cock forcing up into her pussy and another forcing far into the back of her throat.
	One of the watching women vomited and several turned and looked away but most of them simply stared blankly ahead, just thankful that it wasn’t them being so brutally raped.
	The girl’s head was pummelled mercilessly, the guard, in his wild excitement, rammed his hips hard against her chin to drive every last inch of his cock into her mouth and until his pubic arch banged against nose. The man behind her gripped her slim hips with both hands, pulling her slight body hard back onto him as he pounded hard against her buttocks to get his cock up into her warm, wet sex. Her whole body was jerked and jolted as the two powerful men used her roughly, her little tits jiggling beneath her body as she knelt there enduring the savage assault. Slammed from both ends the poor girl was sandwiched between two beefy and lust-filled men, two pounding cocks that defiled her body in a most coarse and lewd fashion.
	Sperm jetted up into her body and down her throat at the same time, she gagged and vomited as the thick liquid pumped down her throat and then began choking on her own vomit. A mix of cum and vomit oozed out from around her mouth and the shaft of his cock and then he pulled back to allow the jet of vomit to spurt out. 
	All three guards stood watching her impassively as she rolled around on the ground, clutching at her throat and trying desperately to be able to breath. Her face went a bluish colour, her body went into a series of spasms and then she fell still and silent.
	“Leave her,” the fat guard shouted and then addressed the horrified women. “On your feet and be quick about it. Turn to your left and march on!”
	He waited as the file of women marched off then he stepped over the body on the ground and followed on at the rear of the column.

								***

Seven-hundred miles away, and in starkly contrasting surroundings, the three Arabs and the African sat around the low coffee table drinking thick and sweet black coffee.
	“Where is Khalid at this moment?” One Arab asked in mild irritation. “I understood that he would be here to provide us with new and fresh…er, shall we say… entertainment.”
	The African gave a broad grin and paused to sip at his coffee. 
	“He is, at this very moment, in the jungle obtaining for you exactly that, new and fresh entertainment of the best kind.”
	One of the other Arabs gave a low groan that portrayed his displeasure. “Not another batch of Taiwanese little girls I hope. The last lot were pathetic to say the least, barely of age and totally willing, unsuitable in the extreme.”
	His companions muted their agreement and the speaker continued.
 	“They provided little enjoyment and are really not to be recommended. We would not welcome nor pay for another such offering.”
	The African poured more coffee for all, refilling the little china cups with a delicate and reverent ease then sat back, eased his finger round his collar and moped at his brow with his handkerchief.
	“Something new,” he croaked, the excitement he felt sounding all too clearly in his voice. “White women this time for you.”
	The Arabs all stopped drinking and flicked their gazes to one another, their interest roused.
	“White you say,” one Arab said as casually as he could so as to ensure that the best possible price could be negotiated. “Of what origin?”
	“British,” the African stated, unable to conceal his pride at the announcement.
	The Arabs all grunted their approval.
	“And better still,” the African man added. “American women too!”
	Gasps of surprise came from the delighted Arabs.
	“Prostitutes?” One Arab ventured hopefully. 
	The African shook his head.
	“All kidnapped and totally unwilling.”
	The Arabs clapped their hands in delight and slapped each other on the back, chuckling heartily at the revelation.
	“Excellent!” the main speaker stated firmly. “You have excelled this time. How many of the sluts, four - perhaps even five?” 
	The African was sliming broadly now, his white teeth positively glowing on his black face.
	“Fifty!”
	“Fifty!” the Arabs all repeated as one in total disbelief. “Did you say fifty? Five-zero?”
	He nodded his confirmation and then repeated the number very slowly. Five… zero – fifty British and American sluts for you to abuse and use as you will.”
	“This calls for a celebration,” one Arab said and delved under the folds of his robe to produce a spirit flask. “Brandy, a very old Napoleon and a special reserve – for very special occasions.”
	He poured some of the brandy into each coffee cup and held up the flask in toast.
	“Here’s to defiling the arses of the British and Americans – women’s arses of course.”
	The laughter was loud and long and then tailed off to allow the Arab to speak.
	“Now, what price is Khalid asking for this worthy bunch of female flesh?”
	The African smiled more broadly than ever and prepared himself to set the highest price possible for the rich and lust-filled Arabs.

								***

Deep in the heart of the jungle the long line of women filed into the clearing, although the overhanging branches of the tall trees still provided a covering and concealing canopy high above it, the ground had been cleared of undergrowth. Rows of small log-built huts with palm leaf roofs stood to one side of the clearing and other buildings, larger if fewer stood opposite them. To the far side a high-fenced, wire compound had been constructed and into it the tired and weeping women were led. Their necks were freed and their hands unbound as each stepped into the vast open area, their various body parts felt and groped by the two guards performing the task.
	Some of the women simply walked to the edge of the compound and sat, too tired to even think, whilst others moved into the rough wooden shelter that spanned the back end of the compound as protection in case of rain. More still hurried over to the long and narrow ditch dug as a latrine and squatted to empty their aching bladders gratefully. Once the gates were slammed shut and padlocked their sense of complete imprisonment felt acute, a feeling that ran through the entire group of women even if it remained unsaid. The captives then, settled down to their first night in captivity, naked and chilled in the damp forest night with no protection offered to them save the warmth of each other’s bodies.

								***

The big leader had arrived late into the evening; he pushed his little oriental slut roughly into a corner of his private quarters and quickly checked the pile of messages left on his desk. The big black man then turned, looked down on the cowering girl on the floor and grinned a sadistic and hideous grin of pure evil intent. He roped her, brutally and cruelly; her wrists behind her back and pulled up harshly between her shoulders blades. The big leader, Khalid allowed himself a feel of her tits and a fingering of her pussy before calling out to the guard outside the door.
	A woman not a guard entered though, a most attractive coffee-skinned girl of about twenty-nine. She was well dressed in the uniform overall of a nurse, her skirt fairly short but functional and not the least bit tartish. Her hair was scraped back in a bun to show her long and lean neck and pretty features, the woman was clinical and efficient, going about her duties with a calm confidence. She set about examining the girl, touching gently at her inner thighs and showing compassion when inspecting her labia.
	“My sister,” the man said. “Go with her now and do all that she instructs you to do without question.”
	He watched as the two women left the room and then he gripped his stiffening cock through his trousers and gave it several long and luxurious squeezes. The man chuckled and then began to hum as he walked through to the shower, undressing as he went.

								***

Morning in the jungle saw the shivering women prodded and coaxed to form two lines in the compound. The guards pushed and shoved roughly to get the women into two ranks, and then to stand like naked soldiers silent and at attention. The headcount was taken and they waited in further silence and fearful tension, the only distraction was the big iron stove and stewing pot being set up near the gates of the compound. All of the women could be seen swallowing hard and licking at their lips, thinking of the food to come, of a welcome hot meal to ease the grumbling stomach pangs of hunger that gnawed at their insides. 
	 The women tensed in fear and several gave a nervous whimper as the big leader Khalid walked out of his quarters, onto the covered veranda and stretched his huge body lazily. The trembling women looked straight ahead, aware of the big man walking into the compound but daring not to even glance in his direction for fear of incurring his wrath.
	A guard saluted Khalid smartly and looked at his leader questioningly.
	“The Arabs want a couple of samples before finalising the price,” the big man explained and began walking down the first line of women to make his selection. He halted at a tall and willowy blonde girl with wide blue eyes and long flowing golden locks.
	“Her,” Khalid said curtly and moved on.
	There were sounds of whimpering and sobbing as the selected girl was led away but the other women remain silent, in total dread that they might be next to be picked.
	At the beginning of the second line Khalid chose again, shoving the girl hard back into the arms of the guard waiting behind her and she screamed loudly as she was dragged away also.
	Khalid moved to the front of the lines and stood arrogantly with his hands on his hips and his chest pushed out proudly, facing the women with a broad smile on his face.
	“You will all now be washed, you will eat,” he paused as the low moans of appreciation came from the gathered woman. “And, you will remain here for a week or so before being taken then to a major city.”
	A ripple of relief ran through the women, the sense of hope they felt all too evident in their expressions.
	Khalid waited, for just one of them to ask what would happen to them then, but none did, not one would dare speak up. He turned and walked away, smiling his great grin and with a swagger in his walk.

The screaming and squealing began the moment the water was turned on and the powerful jets of cold water were directed at the naked women. Four guards stood, two to either side of the compound, outside the wire and aiming the fire hoses at the cowering women, the throbbing of the generator pump drowned out by the high-pitched screeching.
	Naked and glistening, their wet hair matted and clinging to their heads, the women cowered and huddled together in the centre of the compound as some protection from the stinging jets of water.  They pressed in together, their backs presented and arms held across their tits to try to deflect the thumping jets of water hitting their bodies and tender parts so spitefully. The compound ground beneath their milling feet soon became churned into a sticky and slippery quagmire of slimy mud. Several of the women lost their footing and fell heavily to the ground as they slipped and lurched under the force of the jets, their pale naked body coated with thick, brown mud. It resembled a comedy scene after a time, with women regaining their feet only to slip and crash back down, or to be bowled over by other women falling against them. Soon few were left standing, a great heap of writhing and mud-spattered naked bodies filled the centre of the compound, a heaving mass of female bodies squealing and sobbing in frustration. Then the jets were turned off and a silence fell over the whole clearing, the guards had had their fun, their little joke and the resulting laughter brought the clearing back to life again. 
	The hoses were dragged around to just one side of the compound, still outside the wire but fixed high up and sticking through the mesh holes to form large showerheads. A long walk board, wooden slatted and narrow, was carried in and laid just inside the compound, along side the wire and to the side of the muddy area. The hoses were turned on again but this time as fanning fine sprays that formed wonderful soft and tingling showers of tiny water droplets. The grateful women, caked in filthy mud, with their heads down and shoulders hunched, formed a queue and filed onto the end of the walk board one at a time. They washed in turn, under the overhead sprays of the hoses, rubbing at themselves vigorously to remove the stinking brown mess from their bodies. Before the leering guards they washed, turned and stretched, throwing their heads back and chests out as the cascading water flowed over their now glistening bodies.
	The guards watched in reverent silence, gawping hungrily at the slim young shapes, the shimmering firm orbs of breasts and the chill-firmed, jutting pegs of nipples displayed. Their cocks firmed also, growing rapidly to throbbing hard erections as they took in the variety of water-drenched pubic hair and the so firm and rounded glistening buttocks. Wet women, naked glistening bodies coated with little beads and rivulets of water, seemed to hold for them a magnetic and irresistible attraction above and beyond the obvious sexual one. Finally all of the women were washed and had filed over to the dry area of ground near the gates. 
	 They stood facing the great steaming iron pot of stew, the great loaves of bread piled on the trestle table set up before the stove and eyed hungrily the sizzling slabs of meat roasting on a wide and flat griddle. The wonderful aroma of freshly made coffee hung thickly in the air to tantalise their taste buds and to bring saliva readily to their mouths. All thoughts of covering their body parts were gone from them now, their great hunger taking precedence over modesty and their eyes staring pleadingly and longingly at the food before them.
	“You!” the short and fat sergeant snapped to break the spell and to start the women back to the present. He pointed to a slim young brunette not a month over her eighteenth birthday judging by her sweet little face and her puffy immature nipples. “You want to eat?”
	She nodded eagerly and took half a step forward, her voice gone as she tried to reply, her throat dry and her need great indeed.
	“Come here then!” he said and pointed to a spot on the ground before him. “Run, girl, run.”
	She did, with her hips swaying and her full breasts bouncing side-to-side most prettily as she did went to him at the trot. The girl’s youthful face and firm young body held the attention of all of the males present, her neat little backside being her best feature, the cleft of which, simply invited a cock to be inserted into it. She halted dutifully before him and stood hopeful with her hands by her sides and her eyes fixed longingly on the cooking meat.
	The fat sergeant, unbuckled his belt, freed his trousers and dropped them down around his ankles. He stood, with his shirtfront held up and his great black cock sticking out in hard erection.
	“Eat this first and then the food,” he sniggered and received a hearty chuckling from the other guards at his comment.
	The girl dropped her gaze first to his twitching cock then to the food and back again. She simply bent at the knees and lowered herself down to a squat, both her hands reaching out to hard and stiff shaft.
	“Unnh!” the fat sergeant uttered as her delicate little hands gripped him. He cried out again as her warm, sweet lips kissed lightly at the tip of his cock and then he cried out once more as her wet, sensual cavern enveloped the bulbous head of his aching member. 
	One of her hands held his shaft and the other moved to cup his balls in the palm of her hand as he slid down on him to feed is length into her mouth.
	“Little bitch!” he muttered in surprise as she took it readily and greedily to the back of her throat. “You dirty little bitch!”
	Her head bobbed back and forth rapidly, her sweet lips gripping around his black shaft to milk his cock and to coax his sperm to her. Her hand cupping his balls kneaded and weighed them, her slim fingers reaching back between his thighs to tease her fingernails close to his anus. 
	The sergeant tensed, his back arched and his head lolled back, an expression of pure bliss etched on his face. His eyes closed and he braced himself as the young girl brought his building climax to its peak.
	“Unnnnh!” he cried out as he came and pumped his thick seed down her throat as the girl gobbled the thick cum readily down into her body.
	He pulled out of her glistening mouth; a thin string of his cum dangling from the eye of his cock clung to her bottom lip.
	“Eat, slut,” he said with a grin and waved his hand to indicate that she could help herself to the food.
	The girl was on her feet in an instant, wiping the back of her hand across her mouth to remove the last globules of his cum before eating. She leaned over the trestle table, grabbing a loaf with one hand and a hot piece of steak with the other; she forced alternative handfuls into her mouth as she chewed frantically to feed herself. So grateful to be allowed to eat was she that when a second guard came up behind her, slipped his cock up into her pussy from behind she didn’t even flinch. The girl continued to eat and gulp mouthfuls of hot coffee as the man gripped her hips and rammed his cock hard up into her.
	“Who next?” a tall and thin guard sniggered and looked around the pleading faces of the women. He dropped his trousers and freed his cock, gripping it tightly and holding it up to display it to the women. “Who else wants to eat?”
	The was a surge forward of the gathered women, hunger and thirst driving them to readily offer to suck a cock and to receive cum in their mouths in order to eat. Other guards moved in, herding the women back amidst moans of great disappointment and sobs of hopelessness.
	The tall guard bent over at the waist and offered his backside.
	“Anyone like to lick my arse?” he chuckled wickedly. “Lick it and eat, or refuse and go hungry.”
	The women were appalled, it showed in their expressions and the muttered comments of utter revulsion and yet – one woman stepped forward. She was of medium height, slim and petite with long golden hair and deep blue eyes.
	“Come on then!” the guard snapped impatiently.
	The trembling girl moved behind the bending guard, dropped to her knees and gripped his hips with both hands. She closed her eyes, screwed up her face in disgust and dipped her head in to plant a kiss in the crease of his hairy arse.
	“Lick it, I said,” the guard growled angrily and then drew breath as the warm and wet wriggling tongue slid up and down the cleft of his buttocks. “Heavenly!” He croaked excitedly. “Absolute paradise.”
	The girl licked and circled her tongue, teasing the tip over each cheek of his buttocks and then up and down again following the crease of his arse.
	“On the hole,” the man panted excitedly. “Lick the hole”
	She gagged, breaking off to cover her mouth with her hand and to stem the bile rising in her throat. She screamed as the hard truncheon thudded across the middle of her back and then wailed again as the little fat sergeant clubbed her again with the baton.
	“Do as he says!” the sergeant yelled at her with total venom and threat.
	With the threat of the evil sergeant standing over her with the baton raised, the girl moved her head in again, gave a low whimper and shuddered before planting a soft kiss on the man’s anal ring.
	“Mmmm!” he moaned. “Again, again.”
	She complied.
	“Now lick it,” the tall guard urged her excitedly. “Stiffen your tongue and push it up inside.”
	The girl paused to turn her head and to vomit and was rewarded with two body jerking cracks of the baton across her bare buttocks. She sobbed heavily but licked the tight ring of muscles with the tip of her tongue and gagged again at the taste and thought of the act. Then she formed her tongue into a soft and warm plug of pulsing flesh and pushed it up into the man’s backside.
	“Aaaaaah!” he cried out, his cock reared and his ball sac gripped in delighted spasm.
	The guard waved another woman over, to squat before him and to suck his cock whilst the other licked his arse. The woman, in her middle thirties, complied readily, getting down on the ground, grasping his cock and forcing it far into her mouth. She sensed his great sense of thrill and excitement and coaxed him onward with her tongue, to end the ordeal quickly and to get at the food. Warm sperm in forceful jets splattered her face but she continued to lick him to a finish, the thick globules trickling down her face to drip from her chin. Her reward was a bowl of steaming stew, a great chunk of bread and a cup of hot, sweet coffee.
	Each guard took his turn at selecting an eager woman and either fucking her pussy, mouth or arse until all eight men were sated and done. Those women thereafter had to take their turn a providing a quick and light piece of entertainment for the guards, either fingering themselves for a minute or inserting objects up into themselves whilst all looked on and cheered. The common factor amongst them was that all modesty has long since been abandoned and they would do literally anything, simply to be allowed to eat – and eventually they all did. The routine for meals then had been established for the prisoners, sexual deeds equalled food and as they ate, the women began to think on new and different acts to perform, to be prepared for the next time and to gain the biggest share of food going – all for themselves.

							  	***

Later that afternoon, the two sample women had arrived in the major city and were in preparation to be presented to the Arabs. They knew not their fate; they simply took full advantage of the deep hot bath, the sweet smelling oils and salts and the lavishly expensive perfumes provided for them. In the vast marbled bath area of the villa they soothed away the long journey from the jungle, soaping each other’s body with creamy soft lather and chatting non-stop about their fortune in being removed from the jungle. 
	“Are they letting us go do you think?” one asked hopefully of her friend.
	The other girl shook her head.
	“Perhaps using us as bargaining pawns, to show that all are safe and well, to begin their demands for the ransom.”
	“And there is a good chance we will be given over at some stage.”
	“Probably,” the other mused. “It will be nice though to be back into clothes, to feel normal again and to stop these guards leering at our bodies.”
	Her friend agreed. Whatever the reasons, they were here and free of the big leader for now and that really was all that mattered to them.
	The two women were reasonably content for the time being then, their stomachs now full and their bodies refreshed, they were united in comradeship and ready to face whatever their captors had in store for them – or so they thought.

								***

In the rear room of his private quarters, in the jungle hut he called his home, the leader, Khalid prepared to receive his little oriental slut. He sat naked and semi-erect on the long settee, a single hand towel draped across his lap that barely covered the length of his expanding cock. All had been set in readiness; in just the way he liked things to be for sex, his own private fantasy to act out and the little oriental girl to aid him in that. She had been bathed and dressed, instructed and of course, threatened with severe punishment if she failed to please. The pumping thrill rose within him, his balls ached wonderfully and his cock throbbed that incessant need for full and satisfying sex, his heart beat fast and a film of perspiration coated his wide brow. The big Blackman reached for the small hand bell, settled himself more comfortably and then rang the bell in signal.

The door opened slowly and his little slut stepped in, he drew breath and sighed wistfully, his cock lurched to attain a full and pulsing erection as she turned, closed the door gently and then turned again to face him.
	“Delightful!” He enthused, his big eyes wide in wonder and his cock leaking pre-lub from the eyehole. “Simply delightful.”
	The little oriental girl stood with her hands by her sides, her head up and stare straight ahead of her, a single tear fell from the corner of her eye and rolled down her cheek. She suited the schoolgirl uniform perfectly despite being older than a teen, her youthful appearance and slight build both adding to her innocent and young appearance. Her black hair had been styles into cute little pigtails that stuck out delightfully from the sides of her head, bound with white ribbons and tied in neat little bows. The style accentuated her almond shaped face and moonlike eyes, the pure unblemished skin of her pretty face and her little pug nose gave her a cock-jerking appeal, that of a young and innocent adolescent girl.  The starched white blouse, crisp and tight, hugged her little body most wonderfully, pulling in to grip her slim waist and stretching harshly over the mounds of her breasts to show her lacy black bra beneath. The neck of the blouse was opened three buttons down, just as he liked, it showed the beginnings of the swell of her firm little breasts and the deep cleft of cleavage between the tempting orbs. At her hips the little grey skirt hung so very attractively, the short length and the razor-sharp pleats made it hang to reveal her neat shape beneath and the bump of her pussy mound as it pressed against the thin material. Below the hem her shapely little legs glowed a golden tan against the white of her ankle socks and her polished black shoes gleamed a starker contrast still.
	“Your name little girl?” he asked, his voice low and think with arousal.
	“Mai Ling,” she answered softly.
	“NO!” he barked angrily. “You were told by my sister what your new name is – now say it!”
	The girl blurted a sob, shaken by the venom of his outburst; she shook visibly and continued to tremble in fear of him.
	“Dorothy,” she said meekly and with some reluctance. “Little Dorothy.”
	He gave a low and longing groan and beckoned her to move to the table, set back in front of him and about six feet away, the chair angled especially to his liking.
	“Bend over the table girl,” he said, his voice quavering with excitement, “as though you are reaching for something.”
	She turned and complied with his wishes, reaching far over and stretching her body so that the back of her skirt rode high up the backs of her thighs.
	The big leader Khalid removed the towel from his lap, gripped his rigid cock and squeezed it slowly as he ogled the girl. He could see the lower part of her cute little buttocks, the elastic of her little white panties as they cut into her mounds and the ruckled centre as it pulled up into her crack. It was a most tantalising sight beneath the hem of her short skirt; one that showed her upper thighs and the firm mound of her thinly veiled pussy between them and he wanked himself slowly as he watched.
	“Sit,” he croaked hoarsely. “And crossed your legs with the skirt high back along your thighs.”
	The girl complied and sat, her back straight against the chair and then she crossed one leg over the other. She sat sobbing softly to herself, her gaze averted from his wanking of himself.
	Khalid gave a guttural moan of deep appreciation and leered greedily at the expanse of silky smooth thigh now on show to him.
	“Now re-cross them the other way and then swivel around to face me.”
	He watched as the little girl did his bidding, delighting in the glimpse of panty that he caught when she moved. Once she faced him his could see beneath her skirt to the tight white triangle her panties formed between her upper thighs, that wonderful darker tunnel created by her tapering thighs under her skirt and the prize at the end.
	“Part your knees Dorothy,” he said.
	The girl sniffed heavily, brushed a tear from her cheek and then eased her knees slowly apart.
	“Wider,” he prompted and then, “wider still.”
	She sat upright, her legs stretched wide to the sides and the whole of her panty-gusset on show to him.
	“Touch it, Dorothy,” he croaked excitedly. “Stroke your little puss for me.”
	His fist slid slowly back and forth, up and down the great length of his shaft as he watched the girl’s delicate little fingers teasing at her mound.
	“Now,” he began, cleared his throat and then continued. “Ease the panties aside and show me your cunt.”
	She hesitated and then slipped a finger under the side elastic of her little panties and pulled it to the side.
	He drew breath and began pumping his hand fast, wanking himself rapidly before restraining himself and releasing the grip on his cock.
	“You dirty little girl, Dorothy,” he hissed. “You dirty, dirty girl.”
	She blurted a sob and whimpered, he was slipping into fantasy and her fears increased manifold as his eyes glazed over and his expression became set and menacing.
	“Stand up, you naughty girl!” he snapped angrily. “Stand up and come here at once!”
	The little oriental girl was wailing softly now, shaking and trembling uncontrollably as she stood and walked over to stand in front of him, her fearful gaze now on his huge erection.
	“You have been a bad girl, haven’t you?”
	She didn’t answer him but instead gave a nervous sob.
	“Haven’t you?” he raved angrily to cause her to cower back in shocked reaction.
	“Yes!” she shouted quickly and then tempered her voice. “Yes. Yes, I have been a naughty girl.”
	He grunted his approval of her admission.
	Lift your skirt, hold it up around your waist and then straddle my legs facing me.”
	“Please,” she whimpered in a pleading and little-girly voice filled with trembling emotion. “It hurt so much last time. Please don’t make me…”
	“Do it,” he growled threateningly.
	She did. The girl hoisted her skirt up and held it with both of her hands, her little white panties and her upper thighs on show. She straddled his thick thighs, bent at the knees to ease around his thighs and edged closer until the great head of his cock was almost touching her covered pussy mound.
	Khalid held his cock again and pressed her bloated head against her thinly veiled slit, pushing the flimsy material into the cleft of her pussy lips. He groaned his delight at the feel of her young body against him and rubbed the big head up and down the slip of her pussy a few times.
	“Bad girls have to be punished,” he said and pressed harder in against her to part her pussy lips and to push the gusset of her panties farther up into her crack.
	“Move back and undress.”
	She gave a sob, a pitifully pleading look at him and then shifted back and began undoing her blouse. The girl cried throughout her disrobing, her shoulders heaving with great sobs and her bottom lip quivering constantly as she wept her fears softly.
	Once the skirt and blouse had gone and her bra had been removed he halted her abruptly.
	“Leave your panties on and lie across my lap.”
	“Please no,” she whimpered. Please don’t hurt meeeeee.”
	He grabbed her by one wrist and yanked her roughly to him, turning her face down across his lap as he did so and pressing down in the centre of her back with left hand to pin her there. Khalid ground his hips upward, rubbing his great cock against her soft, warm body and grunted loudly his pleasure as he did so. He raised his right hand, high up and back from his shoulder and then swung down with terrific force.
	Her whole body was jarred violently by the slamming impact as his great open palm slapped hard onto the rounds of her buttocks. Her body arched and her head threw back, her arms and legs paddled uselessly in the air and she screamed a high-pitched wail of deep and acute suffering. Again the hand slammed down and then again, quivering her little buttocks prettily as the spanking increased in both tempo and brutality.
	“Filthy little girl,” he panted excitedly. “Filthy girl.”
	She screamed and wailed, wriggled and thrashed her body in all directions but was held form by the pinioning hand pressing down on her back. Her arms and legs flailed, as though swimming and sinking into the depth she paddled to the beat of her hand on her little backside.
	Slap.
	“Aaaaarrrrrgh”
	“Dirty, little slut.”
	Thwack.
	“Oooweeeeeeeeee!”
	“”Naughty girl. Naughty, naughty girl.”
	Slap.
	“Aiiieeeeeeeeee!”
	Khalid paused, his brow coated with sweat and his whole body trembling with pumping sexual thrill. His cock ached fit to burst and pressed hard up against her wriggling body. He felt at her buttocks, stroking her firm flesh through the thin material of her panties and pressing his fingertips down into the tight cleft between them. Khalid slipped his hand under the side elastic and groaned aloud as he roamed his hand lovingly over the perfectly shaped mounds of her cute little arse. Reverently then her peeled the thin material back, revealing her reddened buttocks and pulling at the panties until they were ruckled around her knees. He looked down between her thighs, to the sweet little slit of her pussy and the puffy lips of her labia, he groaned again and then pulled his hand back to deliver another devastatingly hard slap to her arse.
	“OOwwwwwww!” She screamed and renewed the thrashing of her body. Her head jolted as the next slap landed and then the breath was knocked from her as the next brutal slap stung agonisingly at her tender backside. Again and again raw and burning pain tore through her body, her mouth gaped open and her eyes locked wide, pain as she had never before know tore through her body and confused her brain.
	“Filthy girl for showing me your pussy,” he muttered and slapped down again. “Dirty girl for displaying your tits to me.”
	He stopped spanking her again and felt at her buttocks once more, trailing his thick middle finger slowly up and down the crack of her arse to then rest the tip of it threateningly on the little puckered ring of her anus.
	“Your body is mine, little girl,” he muttered. “Every hole is accessible to me.”
	“Nooooooooooo!” she wailed as the pressure against her anus increased. “Please God! Not in there!”
	Her body locked rigid and she gagged fit to vomit as his finger forced in, tearing her little anal ring most brutally. She wailed pitifully as she felt the hot burning pain in her rectum and his thick, long finger driving up into her back passage.
	“Aaaaaaaaah!”
	“Silence, bitch,” he panted excitedly and forced his finger hard up into her arse and until only his knuckles prevented further intrusion into her little tunnel.
	In and out he rammed his digit in a brutal and uncaring defilation of her most secret of places. Hard he finger-fucked her arse, slamming his hand hard up against her little buttocks as he drove into her time and again.
	“Next time two fingers and then three, thereafter you should be able to accommodate my cock also,” he chuckled and whipped his finger smartly out of her backside as the bitch wailed her agony loudly. He slammed down again, spanking her reddened arse to a crimson hue, her soft skin blotched and her buttocks bouncing most prettily under the slamming impacts of his hand.
	“Eeeeooow! Oh God, oh Godddddd!” She wailed.
	Ten more hard and meaningful slaps he gave her and then her paused, shoved her roughly from him to land heavily on the floor at his feet.
	“Did that teach you, slut? Eh, did it?”
	She cowered there; one arm raised defensively, her fear of him in his detached state of fantasy total and dread-filled.
	“Yes!” She said to appease. “Yes, I have learned.”
	He seemed to calm somewhat, his shoulders relaxed and a thin smile creased his big black face.
	“Take your panties off and straddle me again.”
	She whimpered but stood up, stroking her hands gingerly over her burning buttocks to try to soothe the tearing pain in them.
	“And be quick about it,” he bellowed angrily.
	She kicked them free of her ankles and hesitantly straddled him again, hovering her stretched pussy over the end of his big cockhead, her slender thighs parted wide around his. The girl gasped as the head of his cock slotted into the crack of her pussy, forcing the labia wide and to press into the soft, pink folds of her inner lips.
	Hid big hands came up to cover and smother her neat little breasts, his big fingers spread to knead and to feel greedily.
	“Dorothy is a dirty little girl, isn’t she?” he coaxed, his face flushed with wild and pumping excitement.
	She gave a heavy sob.
	“I don’t like being Dorothy,” she whined pathetically. “It isn’t natural, not right and…”
	The girl tensed rigid and drew breath as he pinched her nipples cruelly, crushing the tender buds hard between his fingers and thumbs.
	“Yes! Yes,” she answered through gritted teeth. “Dorothy is a dirty girl.”
	He grunted his approval, felt her tits some more and then slid his hands down both sides of her waist to grip her narrow hips and to hold them firmly. Khalid watched her face, her expression and the way it screwed up in pained fear and he began to ease her body down onto his cock.
	He drew breath as her warm, wetness enveloped the head of his cock and he cried out at her reaction as the head forced inside her tight little entrance.
	She tensed and sucked in air, both her hands reached to and gripped his great shoulders and she whimpered fearfully as her pussy tunnel was stretched unbearably.
	“Please,” she begged. “It hurt so awfully last time, please don’t.”
	He pulled her hips down harder, sliding her sex onto his rigid shaft and gradually impaling her on his huge cock.
	“Aah!” she uttered and then gave a sob. “Aaaah!”
	He pulled her hard down on him to push his long and thick cock fully up into her little body, gripping her hips hard to hold and to steady her on him. Her eyes were wide and staring in stark terror and her sensual mouth hung open as she panted heavily to allow her body to adjust to his great girth. Her fingernails dug hard into the flesh of his shoulders and she clung to him for dear life, the unbearable stretching in her sex a burning and raw agony for her – and that pleased him much. Khalid held her there for several moments, savouring the warm, wetness of her sweet little body around him and then lifted her back up until just the head of his cock remained inside her cunt.
	“Like it hard and rough do you?” he sniggered and then added sneeringly. “Dirty little Dorothy.”
	She cried out loudly and gagged as he pulled her hard down on him, sliding her stretched pussy down the full long length of his monster cock until no more could be got inside her. Up he lifted her as she wailed and then plunged her cruelly down on the rigid shaft of his great cock.
	“Good?” he sniggered and lifted her again.
	“Aaaah!” she cried as he heaved her down hard, jerking his hips upward to meet the thrust and to force all of his cock up into her.
	He lifted her again, until the head of his cock was half-in and half out of her cunt and than pulled her hips down again with all his might.
	“This will teach you,” he panted excitedly. “To be a teasing little bitch.”
	Up and down he lifted and dropped her, using her little body to wank his cock with her tight little cunt. Hard he drove up into her, spitefully and cruelly, ramming his huge cock far up inside her delicate interior. Faster he moved her, his great sense of thrill and excitement increasing his pace to a frantic pumping.
	Her head lolled and jerked, her body jolted and her little tits jiggled as she was lifted and plunged down hard at a frantic pace of heightened sexual frenzy. She was like a puppet, jerked and jolted bodily by powerful hands and hips, her insides stretched to splitting by his thick round shaft that rubbed her raw inside. Her eyes glazed and her hands felt to her sides, she was approaching a faint and he quickened his pace to come before she snatched his pleasure from him.
	Khalid held her up as he came, the head of his cock still inside her as he shot stream after stream of his warm cum up into her little body. He delighted in the way thick and blood-streaked globules of his cum oozed out from the seal created by her pussy lips around his shaft to then trickle down his glistening rod of throbbing flesh. His mouth clamped over one of her breasts, his teeth gripping the nipple and then he bit down hard at the height of his climax.
	The girl screamed and her body bucked as the searing pain in her tit shot through her, her internal muscles gripped to clamp tightly around his cock inside her and the suck his cum right out of his cock. She went into a series of convulsion that made her whole frame shudder violently in acute pain.
	Khalid grunted with each jet of cum he squirted up into her, moaning his great pleasure loudly as he filled the little girl’s vaginal tract with his thick cream.
	“You must do better,” he said as he lifted her off him and pushed her away. “You must fulfil the role of Dorothy willingly and be a real-live schoolgirl for me – if that is - you wish to live.”
	The girl collapsed in a heap on the floor, sobbing her little heart out as she blubbered. “Why me? What have I done to deserve this? Why meeeeee?”

								***

The two sample girls, finished in their bathing and now in a plush bedroom, were stunned as the Blackman pointed to the ‘clothing’ he required them to wear.
	“But there is nothing of them,” one girl blurted, her deep disappointment totally evident and in an expression that spoke for both her and her friend.
	“Put them on!” the man snapped and raised the plaited strap threateningly.
	The crestfallen women picked up the clothing and began to dress. The tiny panties were little more than strings with a pouch attached at the front to barely cover their pussy mounds. The girls wriggled into the thongs, pulling the little side strings high up onto their hips, the back strings harshly into the clefts of their backsides and smoothed the pouches over their mounds.
	“There!” the Blackman stated emphatically, the delight he felt evident in his expression. He allowed himself a feel of the tall blonde’s sex, slipping his hand upturned between her thighs to cup her pussy.
	“Get off me!” she snapped and stepped back away in disgust. “Don’t dare touch me!”
	His response was instant, swift and brutal. He lashed in hard with the heavy strap to land a stinging cut across her upper arm and to draw a screech of wailed pain from her.
	“Like to object again?” he taunted and cupped her pussy for a second time, feeling her deliberately roughly to emphasise his point.
	The sobbing girl stood passively, rubbing at the affected area on her arm as the ugly man felt between her legs.
	“Nice,” he complimented and pressed his middle finger into the crack of her pussy. “Pity it is covered now with the thong but later, much later, tonight perhaps, I might try it uncovered and give you a good fucking into the bargain.”
	He roared with laughter as the girl blurted a sob and then broke down weeping uncontrollably, then felt at her tit with his other hand.
	“You!” he snapped at the other girl. “Come here.”
	She whimpered fearfully but complied, cringing in fear of being lashed as was her friend. The girl stood silently, tears rolling down her cheeks as the man felt her cunt, her tits and then groped at her arse hungrily.
	“Mmmm,” nicer still,” he muttered. “Such a pretty little arse, simply made to accept a man’s cock up it.”
	Again he laughed as the two women stood sobbing and wailing, the full realisation of their situation now apparent to them. 
	“Now finish dressing,” he said and stepped back away from the girl, his cock hard and pressing against the inside of his trousers.
	They added the other items to their bodies, sniffing and sobbing softly as they did so. The arm bangles, richly decorated circles of heavy gold that clipped around their upper arms just above the elbows and the larger and more colourful ones just below their knees. The girls added the little flap-skirts, two small squares of shimmering white silk attached to a thin waist chain that hung to just cover their pussies at the front and the upper parts of their buttocks at the back. 
	The Blackman clipped the red silky tassels to each of the girl’s nipples, holding their breast steady with his other hand and feeling the each orb as he did so, then he stepped back to admire them.
	He grunted and announced gruffly. “You look adequate.” 
	Next came wrist and ankles cuffs, sheepskin-lined and wide metal wristlets of ornately hammer gold, each connected by a thin but strong chain also gold in colour. Soon both girls were fully shackled, their hands in front of them and the chains linking down to each of the ankle cuffs – slave girls they looked and slave girls they now were.
	“Listen and listen well,” the man said in a most menacing and evil tone. “Now you will meet some of my guests and you will obey my every command without question. Do you understand?” he asked and held the leather strap up close to their faces. 
	The girl’s both nodded, fear etched clearly in their expressions.
	“One word or deed out of place,” he warned as low and sinister growl. “And I will flail your hides to within an inch of your lives. You will keep your eyes downcast at the floor at all times and will never – I repeat never – look upon the faces of my guests.”
	He paused to ensure that his message had sunk in and then moved to the door and held it open.
	“Come on then!” he barked impatiently. “Get those sweet little arses of yours moving.”
	The weeping girls shuffled to the doorway, their foot movements restricted by the connecting ankle chains, their demeanour dour and all hope of escape or release now firmly removed from them.

								***

Khalid was at his desk in the hut in the jungle, sorting through the mountain of messages flying back and forth between his agent and the Arabs. Further messages from his agent in China, more from another in South America and yet more from another based in Europe. He had too to plan the taking of a second airliner, his trade was building rapidly and the supply of young females becoming harder and harder to obtain in quantity.
	His snatch squads that operated in several major cities of the world were producing good results, the kidnapping of young girls and women at an all time high, but still it wasn’t enough to meet the demand, he needed yet more youthful female flesh.
	“Yes!” he shouted in irritation, the knock on the door breaking his concentration.
	The sergeant entered, his face coated with a fine film of sweat, his face showed concern and yet was creased by a wry smile.
	“An attempted escape,” the sergeant said simply and awaited his leader’s relation. “One of the women was trying to climb the wire.”
	“And did she?” Khalid asked without even looking up from his paperwork.
	The sergeant sniggered. “No, the guards beat her down with their rifle butts.”
	Khalid looked up.
	“So? Punish the slut then.”
	The sergeant beamed a smile, saluted smartly and turned.
	“Oh sergeant!” Khalid called as he resumed his writing. “Do ensure that an example is made of her won’t you. An example that all of the other women will be sure not to forget.”
	The sergeant saluted again and answered gleefully and emphatically. “Yes sir!”

								***

The three Arabs were seated around the central coffee table on deeply upholstered settees, lounging back and chatting with one smoking a dark and almost black cheroot. Their conversation halted as the door opened and the two sample women were led in and urged to the centre of the group, to stand silently with their head down and eyes averted. 
	“Impressive,” the Arab spokesman stated firmly as he ran his gaze first up over the tall blonde girl and then the smaller brunette. “Most impressive.”
	He stood, and then moved slowly and silently around the trembling women, inspecting every part of their bodies carefully and precisely as he went.
	“English?” he asked as he finished his inspection and sat back down crossing his legs casually.”
	The Blackman flicked through the two passports.
	“The smaller one is but the blonde is American.”
	The Arabs were delighted; it showed in their expressions.
	“Her first then,” the Arab commanded and settled himself deeper back into the settee.
	The Blackman helped the tall blonde girl up onto and to stand on the strong wooden coffee table in the centre of the group, her ankle chains made this a somewhat difficult manoeuvre but it was finally achieved.
	She stood tall and erect, her back straight and chest out but with her head down, as she had been instructed.
	“Good strong thighs, long and lean,” one of the other Arabs commented as he leered hungrily at the girl’s body. “Nice full breasts too.”
	“The girl has power in her limbs,” the third Arab added. “Sufficient stamina to keep up with my passionate lovemaking perhaps.”
	They all chuckled and at a wave of the Arab’s hand the Blackman pulled off her nipple tassels drawing a short intake of breath from the girl as the metal clips pinged off her tender buds.
	“And her flap-skirt,” the Arab added. “We must see all that she possesses.”
	The girl was weeping softly as the flaps were removed and the tiny thong slipped down over her hips and thighs.
	“Not shaven,” one Arab said in disappointment.
	His colleague dismissed the remark. “That can soon be remedied.”
	The third Arab offered his view.
	“Nice puffy pussy lips turn her around so that I might view her arse.”
	“Oh Please!” The blonde girl wailed. “This like buying and selling a horse!” It’s so humiliating and…”
	She screamed as the leather strap cracked spitefully hard across her backside to jar her hips forward in reaction and she screamed again. A vivid red welt showed instantly on her pale flesh to bear testament to the severity of the lash. The girl turned and when prompted, bent a little at the waist.
	“A most wonderful pussy slit,” the Arab commented and a nice rosy, pink ring around her anus. I do so hate a brown one, it reminds me of the shit that passes out of it.”
	His comment drew great mirth and when the laughter subsided the main speaker for the Arabs made a request.
	“Hit her again, please. We want to see the slut in pain.”
	It was a high-pitched screech that the girl emitted, her face a mask of shock and pain as the strap stung savagely across the backs of her upper thighs.
	“She wails most prettily,” the Blackman quipped to please his audience and then swung in hard again to slap the leather across her tender flesh for a second time.
	“And the other girl?” the Arab asked, his interest in the yelling blonde now diminishing.
	The girls were changed over and soon the shorter brunette stood up on the table, her whole shivering in fear of being whipped.
	“She isn’t pierced.”
	The Blackman looked bemused. “Her nipples you mean?”
	The Arab shook his head. “Her pussy lips and clitoris.”
	The Blackman caught the girl as she fainted and lowered her slumped body to the floor.
	“It will be done,” he said easily and looked across with a grin at the terrified blonde girl.

								***

He was dragging her by the hair, pulling the slut along behind him as the sergeant strode across the jungle compound toward the gates. The would-be escapee was screaming, her hands clamped over his one to try to ease the tearing pain in her scalp. She tripped, stumbled and fell as they went, dropping to her knees in the dirt and then dragged still by the hair in an unrelenting pull on her long locks.
	Through the gates he dragged the girl, halting abruptly once outside the compound to spin her around and to throw her roughly to the floor. The fat sergeant stood panting hard, towering over the terrified girl as she lay on the ground at his feet, cowering in sheer terror of his wrath.
	The gates were closed and padlocked as the women all moved to the wire, to peer through in morbid interest, to see that fate that awaited the girl that dared to try to break to freedom. The guards, all eight of them, moved in around the naked girl, forming a circle around her and entrapping her within a ring of male bodies – then the whipping began.
	In turn and using overhead and downward strokes the guards lashed down with the long leather straps to cut them harshly and savagely onto the wailing girl’s naked flesh.
	She screamed and wriggled, thrashed her body about and curled up but she couldn’t avoid the continuous onslaught of blows raining down on her. Slap after stinging slap stung her body, on her back, her backside, her thighs, and breasts and all over her as she turned and rolled in the dust. For some seven of eight minutes the furious assault on her went unless finally the girl, half-dazed and only semi-conscious slumped onto her face whimpering almost inaudibly. Her body was a mass of red and bluish welts, bruises and blood specks covered her pale skin, and such then was the severity of the terrible beating. She was dragged again; buy the arms with her toes dragging in the dust, over to the edge of the compound and toward the horizontal railing close to the outer wire fence.
	The horizontal tree trunk had been laid across two upright stumps, one at either end to form a log rail about two feet off the ground. The girl was thrown face forward over the log so that her face pressed down in the dirt on the other side and her arse stuck up high into the air with her legs failing wildly in thin air. One guard stood on both her hands, pinning her outstretched arms beneath one each of his booted feet to hold her in position. Similarly and at the back, her ankles were held, her legs pulled wide apart and her buttocks stretched open and defenceless. She screeched and wailed, swore and cursed but was held fast by the mocking men.
	The fat sergeant flicked the thin and whippy stick to test it and the hissing sound it made as it cut through the air made some of the watching women shudder in terror for her. In a great overhead and downward swing the sergeant lashed at her backside, aiming the stick to land down the crease of her arse and on the puckered hole of her anus.
	The stroke landed with sickening force, a dull thwack that echoed in the silence that hung heavily in the air. The girl’s body locked rigid and for a second nothing happened – then she vomited. The stick rose high in the air again and then hissed down, slicing the air on it way to slap sadistically dead centre on her tiny ring of muscles and two women in the compound fainted. Three more strokes were laid on the girl, cutting cruelly into her crease and bruising her arse hole most wickedly before she gave heavy sigh and passed out.
	Water was thrown over her and as the girl began to regain her senses she felt the warm head of a cock nudging at the entrance to her bum hole. She thrashed and pulled, jerked her arms and body frantically and she screamed but it was all to no avail, she could not break free. Birds scattered from the treetops above at her piercing scream, just at the time her anal ring was penetrated and the big cock forced hard up and drove savagely into her back passage.
	She gagged as the big cock stretched her anal tract, tearing at the delicate membranes inside her body and forcing farther up still into almost her bowel. Her buttocks and body shook as the fat sergeant pumped his hips against her, ramming his cock brutally in and out to defile her backside.
	 Hard and furiously he arse-fucked the girl, jerking his hips at the end of each hard inward thrust to increase her pain and suffering. The sergeant beamed his delight at the watching women and battered harder against the girl’s buttocks as his sense of thrill increased manifold. He grunted as he came and bellowed loudly as he shot his wad of thick spunk up into her, then grinned triumphantly as he pulled out and wiped his cock on her left buttock cheek. 
	Each guard in turn moved behind her and used her arse, fucking her bumhole until it turned from a reddened soreness to a bloody circle of split and ruptured muscle. So much sperm filled her backside that copious quantities dribbled out of her ring to leak down and to puddle in her pussy crack before dripping to the ground below.
	The girl was mumbling incoherently now, her body limp and all fight gone from her, so much so that she barely winced as the long wooden truncheon was pushed far up into her pussy to stretch this time, her puffy cunt lips.
	The fat sergeant pulled back his arm and aimed the stick again, this time though, not at her body but at the handle of the truncheon sticking from her cunt. There was a loud click as wood struck wood and the conducted jarring tore through her insides. The girl began to scream and then gagged, bile leaking from her mouth as the pain-induced vomiting began again. 
	Again he struck and then again, laughing maniacally as he hit the truncheon end to send shockwaves of raw pain through her tender sexual parts. Four strokes only he needed give her before the girl passed out and slumped unconscious, the awful pain simply too much for body and mind to cope with.
	Many hands assisted the lifting and carrying of her, in laying her on the ground on her back and of staking her out there. Her arms were pulled wide and her wrists bound tightly to the short wooden stakes driven into the ground to crucify her on her back facing up to the treetops above. Her feet were pulled apart but close to her backside with her knees drawn up and her pussy open and exposed, her ankles then lashed firmly to more wooden stakes to pin her immovably to the dusty ground.
	They waited; washing their black cocks clean with the drinking water destined for the women prisoners, for the escapee to recover and to regain her senses.  Once she had recovered and was awake it fell to a junior guard to apply the jam, and with his fingers he smeared the stick mess over and up into her cunt slit but pushing some into her arse hole also.
	The men lit cigarettes, gulped beer from cans and lounged casually as they waited. Within ten minutes it began, with one guard excitedly pointing out the long black column of ants making its way toward the jam-smeared pussy of the pinioned girl. The men cheered and the women turned away in revulsion as the girl began to scream and to thrash her body like a demented demon. Up and down she thrashed her hips, pummelling her backside hard onto the ground and then rearing high into the air as the ants gradually worked their way up into her pussy tunnel.
	“Leaf-cutter ants,” the sergeant explained to the horrified women. “They have wicked little jaws that bite and cut.”
	Several women vomited and a few others dropped to their knees sobbing with their hands covering their faces.
	For about fifteen minutes the girl screamed and bucked her body wildly before exhaustion and pain finally took their toll on her tortured body and she slumped unconscious, free for the moment of any more pain.

								***

The two sample girls were strapped down on waist high inspection couches, the clinic closed for the day to allow for treatment to ‘special patients’. Both were naked, on their backs with their knees drawn up and pulled wide. Wide brown straps of strong leather secured their wrists and ankles to the couches and wide central straps pulled tightly down on their stomachs to pinion them immovably. The girls were weeping as they had been throughout most of the time in captivity but now it was renewed and a most acute fear.
	“My Arab friends want you pierced,” the Blackman said matter-of-factly as he heated the long needle in a flame. He chuckled wickedly and then turned, his big black cock swinging in erection as he did so. The naked man moved to the end of the couch where the blonde girl was held and pressed his hips up against the end of the couch.
	“My! What a sweet little pussy you have too,” he taunted and eased the head of his cock against the entrance to her cunt.
	The girl sobbed and wriggled her body violently, trying to twist out and away from him and pulling hard at the retaining straps on her wrists. She failed badly and cried out as his cock pushed in and the head entered her wet, warm sex tunnel.
	“Mmmm,” he gloated as he pushed in, feeding the whole of his cock up into her pussy and pressing his hips hard against her warm, soft buttocks. “So tight and warm.”
	He remained stationary, savouring the feel of her body around his shaft and delighting in her protests of utter revulsion.
	“Is black cock not to your liking, American slut?” he sniggered. “How does it feel eh? Better than a white cock perhaps?”
	He laughed loud and long but didn’t even to attempt to thrust up into her, he remained as he was with his cock buried deep up inside her warm interior. It pleased him to look down over her pale body, the taut stomach and her swelling naked breasts with the long rubbery nipples in the centre of each orb. Best of all for him though was the way her pretty face was contorted in an expression of disgust and her heartfelt sobs that echoed her dislike of having her pussy invaded against her will.
	The man gripped the pincers in his right hand, levelled the red-hot needle sideways on to her jutting clitoris and pressed the sharp point in. He cried out as her body clamped tightly around him, her internal muscles contracting in pain and gripping his whole shaft in a vice-like gripping of sheer bliss.
	The slut wailed and screamed frantically as the hot, burning needle was pushed through her clitoris and out of the other side. Her head thrashed side to side and her back arched upward like a bow as the raw agony of the piercing ripped through her tender parts.
	The man slid the needle back and forth, gasping aloud each time she bucked and writhed in agony and massaged her moist, warm insides around his cock.
	“There, all done,” he said brightly. “And now for your pussy lips.
	He left his cock inside her and was careful to pierce her labia close to the top, away from his cock but sufficient to please his buyers. Again he savoured her body movements and the wonderful sensations her insides produced for him as she thrashed and wailed her pain. The man finally pulled out of her and set the pincers and needle aside on the little table. He busied himself attaching little gold rings into her clitoris and labia and then added a tiny gold padlock to pull her cunt lips slightly together.
	The Blackman paused to view his work, dipped his head down and kissed the tip of the blonde girl’s clitoris.
	“The pain with be gone by the morning,” he chuckled and began reheating the needle in readiness for the little brunette.
	He hummed merrily as he turned the needle in the flame and cast frequent glances over at the little brunette, his favourite of the two women. He looked between her thighs, at the stretched pussy, the soft; pink inner lips and the darker central part that was the entrance to her hole. He felt his cock rear and his anus grip in delighted spasm then moved over to the end of the couch with his glistening cock at the ready.
	Up into her pussy he pushed, feeding his cock in slowly and muttering his pleasure as he did so.
	“So tight!” he grunted and filled her tunnel fully. “A wonderful sweet little pussy you have.”
	Already the girl was screaming hysterically, thrashing and bucking her body wildly within the clamping straps. It was though all to no avail, her body was held fast and her sex was being violated, there was nothing she could do to prevent it only to wail her misery to the ceiling above. 
	There was a hissing sound, the smell of scorched flesh and a cloud of steam as the hot needle entered and pushed through her little bud. She screamed non-stop and thrashed about in a desperate struggle with her binding straps and then slumped defeated, wailing and sobbing her pain and shame to the otherwise silent room.
	The Blackman attached the rings to her clitoris and freshly pierced labia whist he kept his cock inside her, such a sweet young body was there to be used to its fullest, he reasoned. Once done he began to thrust, pulling his cock back until just the tip remained inside her body and then forcing hard back up into her in powerful single thrusts of his great hips.
	“Wonderful,” he grunted as he rammed hard up into her sex. “A most pleasing fuck.”
	Faster he fucked her and then faster still, his buttocks and hips pumping like a mating rabbit as his excitement increased and his climax began to build. The man cried out and tensed his body, his head lolled back and he shuddered in pleasured contractions of his whole body. He pulled his cock back and out as he came, resting the head against her clitoris and watched as his sperm shot high into the air and then splashed down on her naked belly. Jerk after jerk of his cock sent thick globules of his cum squirting onto her stomach and some even up onto her tits, he muttered constantly as he finished, pleased with the quantity and force of his spunking.

								***

Little ‘Dorothy’ was doing her homework. She was seated at Khalid’s desk in the jungle hut, scribbling in an exercise book that he had thoughtfully provided for her. She was in full school uniform with her hair in pigtails and bright red lipstick coating her succulent lips.
	Khalid, the enormous black leader was seated next her, he was naked and stiff, his great cock sticking up from his lap like a thick tent pole. He slid a hand sideway, resting it on her slender thigh and then moved it up under the hem of her little skirt to knead gently at her soft upper thigh.
	“What are you,” he asked, his voice altered in pitch as his excitement grew.
	“A dirty little girl,” she said brightly and continued her writing unconcerned.
	“My!” he complimented. “But you learn quickly little girl. Your change of attitude is most pleasing. Cooperation will bring you a better and easier life with great financial rewards also.”
	“Yes, sir,” she said easily and chewed at the tip of her pencil most teasingly.
	“Little bitch,” he muttered, pleased with her obvious cooperation. Khalid dipped his great hand between her thighs and felt her pussy through her little panties.
	“Are you wet girl?”
	“Yes sir,” she said with a playful lisp. “My little pussy is all juicy and…”
	“Oh God,” he groaned and shifted in his seat.
	“Are you?” he croaked, his throat dry and his voice rasping. “Telling me that you have had dirty thoughts during the night?”
	She nodded brightly, her eyes sparkling innocence and answered him childishly. “Uh huh.”
	He cleared his throat and wiped the sweat from his brow with the back of his hand. Khalid slid his hand out from under her skirt slowly, trailing his fingers down over the length of her thigh as he did so.
	“Naughty girl.”
	She looked up at him, her head tilted to one side and her clear almond eyes sparkling sexual teasing.
	“Yes, sir, I know I am.”
	He was trembling now with excitement, his ball sac ached fit to burst and his cock throbbed so much that it hurt.
	“Punished. You will have to be punished.”
	She nodded, her pigtails jiggling most prettily with the movements of her head. The girl, without further words stood up, pushing the chair back and away from her as she did so. She hoisted her skirt up around her waist, gripped her tiny knickers and wriggled them down around her knees before bending over the desk with her chest flat on it and her pretty little arse pointing outward.
	He stood up, his great cock levelled out in front of him the weight of which added a painful element to the wonderful pulsing surging through it. He raised his hand and swung down, landing his palm hard on her buttocks with a resounding slap that echoed around the small room.
	“Teasing little, bitch,” he panted excitedly.
	“I like cock,” she responded.
	“Christ! You little slut!” he blurted and swung down again.
	Slap.
	“Owwwh!”
	“Big cocks,” she said as the stinging pain subsided a little.
	“Prick teaser.”
	Slap.
	“Unnh!”
	“Big black cocks are best.”
	He swung in hard; his great excitement now at fever pitch with her teasing and taunting, and the blow that he landed on her was brutal in the extreme. It jarred her little body violently and yet the girl did not scream, instead she moaned pleasure and wriggled her backside sexily. Several more slaps he gave her and then sat on the chair behind the bending girl. He used both his big thumbs to ease the cheeks of her buttocks apart and to expose the rosy pink ring of her anus and then dipped his head in to kiss it.
	She gasped and gave a shiver of pleasure.
	He licked and probed at the tiny hole with his tongue, drilling the tip into the centre of her tight ring of muscles to draw a cry of delight from the little oriental girl. Forming his tongue into a wedge, his hot breath on her soft buttocks, Khalid pushed in and slotted his long tongue far up into her backside.
	The girl tensed and cried out but didn’t scream, after the initial shock she began moaning and muttering her pleasure at the feel of it as the soft, warm wedge wriggled and curled to explore her back passage.
	Khalid was beside himself with thrill, he stood and moved I behind her, gripped her hips and pushed fully up inside her pussy in one great and urgent thrust of his cock. Excitedly he began a hard fucking of her little tunnel, ramming his cock hard into her stretched pussy and grunting loudly with each powerful inward thrust he gave.
	Little Dorothy raised her body on outstretched arms and braced herself as he lunged hard into her time and again. Her back arched upward and her head fell back. “Yes!” she cried out. “Yes! Yes!”
	He came instantly, filling her little tunnel with spurts of his hot seed, his huge cock jerking in gripping spasms as he injected his thick cum into her little body.
	The girl slumped back onto he desk panting hard. She was getting out of this hellhole, she had decided and cooperating with him was the way to do it, once he had gained sufficient faith in her and dropped his guard a little...
	“Marvellous!” he said and slapped her reddened arse playfully. “Truly bloody marvellous.”
	Khalid didn’t see the wry smile the girl gave as he tuned away and began to get dressed.

								***

The escapee had been hung, by the wrists from a branch of a tree close to the edge of the clearing. In full view of the other women in the compound to hang there as a reminder to them of what would happen if another escape attempt were to be made. Blood, sperm and other bodily fluids leaked from both her holes to trickle down her thighs and onto her dangling feet. She was just conscious, barely so, in poor condition and dehydrating rapidly. She opened her eyes slowly, at the sound close to her, her eyelids heavy and her vision blurred. As it cleared and she was able to make out the shape and features of the person she gave a low groan.
	The smiling sergeant, the fat and ugly brute, stood arrogantly and gloating before her with his hands on his hips and his chest inflated importantly.
	“Playtime again,” he said brightly and then threw his head back and began to laugh.

								***

The tall American blonde shuffled into the plush bedroom, urged on by a hard shove in her back and then the door closed with a slam. She stood whimpering and trembling, her shackled wrists and ankles giving her no opportunity to brush the strands of her hair from her face or to scratch the itch under her left earlobe.
	“Come!” the deep voice boomed in the stillness to make her start and to uttered a stifled sob. “Move into the centre of the room and stand on the small circular carpet there.
	She shuffled quickly, as fast as the chains connecting her ankles would allow, her heart beating fast in her chest and her throat dry with fear onto the small mat as directed.
	It was one of the Arabs that stepped out from the archway leading to the connecting rooms, the Arab with a goatee beard and evil piercing black eyes. She drew breath at his attire, and then her bottom lip began to quiver and she began sobbing loudly in total fear.
	The man was naked, his big cock standing up in hard erection, aided by a small black harness strapped tightly around the base of his cock and his scrotum. Wider straps, polished black and most sinister looking criss-crossed his chest, hips and even his upper thighs. Ling studded armlets, also of black leather, covered his forearms from wrists to elbows and in one hand he held a long and thin stick.
	He strode into the room, importantly, swaggeringly and with his head held high and his chest puffed out, his stiff cock bounced slightly as he walked. Around her he moved, leering and drooling, licking at his lips with a snake-like flicking tongue and inspecting every part of her naked body.
	“Do you know what this is?” he asked suddenly.
	The girl nodded, eyeing the stick fearfully.
	“Yes, I saw the same in Tunisia when on holiday there – it’s a camel whip.”
	He sniggered.
	“Very good, slut but I meant this,” he pointed down to the little harness gripping the base of his cock.
	She took a look, shook her head and then averted her gaze from his cock.
	He stroked the tip of the thin whip gently and menacingly down over the fall of her breast to rest the thin shaft on her jutting nipple and to cause her to tense rigid.
	“Appropriately named, it is called an ‘Arab strap’.” He traced the shape of her naked breast with the tip of the cane, sliding it under her swelling orb and lifting it slightly. “It restricts the underside tube of the penis and delays the man’s orgasm until released.”
	The tip of the cane now travelled threateningly down over her belly to rest on the mound of her pussy.
	“It suspends the man in a state of near orgasm indefinitely, holding him tantalising just short of climax due to the prevented ejaculation.” His voice was low and even, filled with evil intent and high sexual arousal. “A most wonderful state of sexual bliss to be in whilst a man whips a naked girl raw.”
	She gave a sob and made to speak but was halted abruptly by the sudden increase in pressure of the hard cane pressing on her jutting clitoris.
	The cane moved upward again, following the contours of her flat stomach, up under her breasts, up further still to flick her nipple as it passed over it and then came to rest once again on the rubbery peg of flesh.
	“Do you like cock up your arse?” he asked with a mocking in his tone.
	She shot him a disgusted look and tried to take in the full revolting meaning of what he had said.
	He chuckled.
	“I see by your expression that it repulses you. But,” he raised the cane to his shoulder, “you should have answered me.”
	It was swift, so rapid and deft a movement that she didn’t have time to blink. The hard shaft of the cane cut down cruelly onto her nipple, slamming against the tender bud to bend it down under the force of the blow. As if in slow motion her eyes locked wide and staring, her mouth gaped open and a dry gurgle came from her throat. It took several seconds for the explosion of pain to register in her brain and then she screamed, as she never had in her life. So intense was the pain that her knees buckled and she fell, dropping to her knees on the floor her shackled hands trying to clamp over and to soothe the tearing pain in her soft bud.
	“I asked you a question, American bitch,” he shouted above her wailing.
	She tried to answer him but no words would come, her throat and vocal cords temporarily paralysed but the excruciating pain ripping through her.
	“Eeeeaaaaaagggh!” she screamed as a most savage lash of the hard cane bit across the back over her shoulders, causing her body to arch backward and her head to throw back with it.
	“Answer me!” he demanded.
	“What?” she blurted through her sobbing. “What do I have to say?”
	She screamed again as another hard lash striped across the outside of her thigh to send hot burning pain seeping deep down into her flesh.
	“Oh God! Help me please!” she wailed.
	He lashed her again.
	“Answer me,” he said, his breathing now rapid and his eyes blazing sexual thrill and excitement.
	“Nooooooooo!” she screamed loudly at the same time as crying. “I do not like that.”
	He towered over her, looking down at the snivelling slut at his feet and his cock throbbing to a purplish colour as his excitement rose higher still. For several minutes he stood there in silence, then reached down and grabbed her hair and hauled the slut bodily to her feet by her long blonde locks.
	The girl stood hunched and shaking, her head down and turned away from him, cringing constantly lest another brutal lash should sting her body and renew the awful pain that was beginning to subside a little now. She was most surprised when the Arab unlocked the wrist cuffs and then squatted to release her ankles also, she rubbed vigorously at her limbs to encourage the blood to flow again and moaned her great relief at being free of the restraints.
	“Lay on your back on the coffee table,” he said and tapped the cane on her arse as a prompt.
	She whimpered and hesitated only a second and then scampered over to the long, low table, mounted it and rolled over onto her back.
	He moved close to her, about three feet back and to the side of her, the long cane poised and ready at his side.
	“Draw your knees up and back and part them wide, show me your pussy, American girl, show me your sex slit.”
	She sobbed as she raised her knees, employing one hand on each knee to ease her thighs wide and to offer him sight of her sex.
	He handed her a large rubber dildo, big by human proportions but not huge.
	“Push that up into yourself,” he said gruffly and licked his lips greedily in anticipation.
	The girl wept and sucked in air to feed her heavy sobbing but took the dildo, inverted it and lowered the head of it down to her pussy lips. Her expression screwed up as she eased the rubber phallus up into her pussy and sobbed again as she eased it fully up inside her.
	“Good?” he asked. “Does it feel good?”
	“No,” she whimpered and shook her head.
	The cane swung in to catch her a stinging lash on the thigh. Her body jolted and tensed and the dildo plopped out of her to fall to the floor with a heavy thud.
	He whipped her again; two hard strokes across the same thigh and then waited until her screeching had tailed off before speaking again.
	“I suggest you learn fast girl and save yourself some suffering.”
	He picked up the dildo and handed to her.
	“Again, shove up your cunt again.”
	She raised her head and shoulders, straining forward with both hands between her legs as she eased the dildo back up inside her pussy.
	“Good?” he asked again.
	A moment’s hesitation and then she answered. “Yes.”
	The girl screamed as he whipped her again.
	“Tell me then!” he raved angrily. “If you like it tell me that you like it!”
	She blurted a sob and cringed in fear but held the dildo inside and said in the most sincere tone she possibly could.
	“Good, mmmm, so nice and good.”
	“Better,” he said and looked down between her thighs. “Now fuck yourself with it – and, he cautioned her, it had better be good.”
	She began to pump the rubber cock in and out of her pussy hole, ramming it hard in until just the bulbous handgrip remained outside her body.
	“Good,” she sobbed. “Oooh, it feels so good.”
	He swiped the cane across her other thigh, not too hard but hard enough to make his point.
	“Say it with feeling, slut. Look as though you are enjoying it.”
	She wept and blubbered but rammed the dildo in and out of her pussy with gusto.
	He watched as she fucked herself and had to admit to himself that she made a fairly decent attempt at portraying pleasure as she did so. Her body arched and her hips rose and fell in time with her thrusting, her head rocked side to side and she moaned and sighed constantly. It was for him a most erotic sight, seeing the lean blonde girl taking pleasure and a good-sized cock up into her sex but that she was doing it under duress it made it all the better for him.
	“Enough!” he finally said firmly, his cock aching and his balls full and ready to explode. “Now fuck your arse with it.”
	“What?” she gasped in disbelief and then screamed as the cane cut hard down across her outer thigh.
	“You heard me,” the Arab said, pleased that she was resisting him at last. His cock reared at the though of punishing the slut and a blob of clear lub oozed from the eyehole of his cock. “Now do it slut, fuck your own arse.”
	The girl pulled the dildo from her pussy with a wet slopping sound, dropped it to the floor and rolled sideways off the table to land on all fours. Her attempt at avoidance though was too slow by half and the cane swung down to stripe a line of white-hot pain across her naked lower back.
	“Bitch!” he raved, shoving the coffee table aside angrily and so forcefully that it upturned before it crashed hard into the settee. He swung down again and then again in a rapid series of blows that caught her on the back, buttocks and the side of her hip.
	The girl screamed a high-pitched wail and scrabbled forward hurriedly, crawling frantically to try to avoid his wrath.
	He pursued her, walking fast behind her to keep pace as she crawled quickly across the room wailing her pain. Hard he lashed down on her, stinging her pale flesh most cruelly and leaving a bright red stripe on her body with each savage lash he laid on her. A mix of anger and high sense of thrill filled him, pumping the adrenaline and sensations of sexual arousal forcefully through him.
	The girl crawled faster still, her knees scraping on the carpet and the tiled floor as she moved and her tits swinging prettily beneath her body. At her presented arse he aimed, swinging in to strike the perfect rounds of her backside and trying to hit at her puffy pussy lips peeking out between the backs of her thighs. She screeched in pain and scrabbled faster still away from him as two stinging lashes caught across the backs of her upper thighs and she wailed loudly her agony as she tried to flee. Under the dining table she hurried, seeking sanctuary from the stinging cane and his brutality, the girl rested the whimpering in fear and sobbing her pain as he prodded under the table with the tip of the cane.
	Hard in he jabbed, sticking the end of the cane cruelly into different parts of her body to get the girl to come out from under her covering refuge but she was having none of it, she remained defiant and under the table. The Arab lost patience and kicked out hard, swinging his leg under the table and thudding his foot hard into her ribs to draw a huff of expelled breath from her. He reached down and under the table, grabbed her by the hair and hauled her out roughly as she screamed her pain loudly and kicked her legs frantically, thrashing her naked body and clawing at his hand to try to break the wrenching grip on her hair. With his left hand he held onto her hair and with his right hand he wielded the cane, thrashing it down on her naked body in a brutal assault of pure sadistic power and meaning.
	The screaming girl bucked and writhed, twisted and turned as she kicked out and struggled against him but all to no avail, the hard shaft of the cane slammed down on her time and again in rapid succession.  Her body was beaten mercilessly, even after exhaustion and defeat had overcome her he continued to thrash her hard, releasing the grip on her hair and employing both hands to lash the cane down on the girl.
	Finally he relented and halted in his thrashing, the Arab stood panting hard, his brow coated in sweat from his exertions and his cock pulsing an aching need to get inside her.
	“Now,” he said as he gulping in breaths and tried to control his excited breathing. “Get back on the table, pick up the dildo and fuck your own arse as I instructed you too.”
	The girl roused herself slowly, painfully and with total defeat hanging heavy on her, she got to her knees and crawled again, over to the table and picked up the dildo. She righted the table, grunting much as her pain-filled body heaved the heavy table upright, and then mounted it again to lie on her back. She sobbed as she drew up her knees, inverted the dildo and pressed the great head against the ring of her anus.
	“Oh God please don’t make me do this,” she blubbered.
	He advanced on her with the cane raised and she screamed loudly and quickly.
	“Okay! Okay I’ll do it!”
	He watched as her head and shoulders pulled up and both her hands guided the dildo to the required spot as she reached between her parted thighs. She moaned and grunted as she pushed but she could not get the dildo to enter her tight little ring. Her eyes were closed and her expression set, she pushed and pushed but her tension prevented the ring from opening and allowing the dildo into her. The Arab grasped the shaft of the dildo firmly and pushed it hard in, forcing her ring open to the point of splitting and then rammed the full length of it hard up into her back passage with one brutally hard thrust.
	The girl squealed in pain, like a stuck pig she squealed as her ring ripped and the great shaft entered her body. He was holding her legs back over her body with one hand and pumping the dildo in and out of her arse with the other.
	“You fucking bitch!” he raved angrily, “I’ll teach you to obey me.”
	Savagely her rammed the dildo in and out, forcing it hard up into her body until no more could enter. Blood leaked from her torn arse and the girl screamed non-stop as he defiled her tight little backside most brutally. Finally he tired of abusing her and ripped the dildo from her bloody hole, throwing it aside to bounce the rubber phallus off the far wall. He undid the strap around his cock and released the pressure on the base of his cock. He did so with a low moan of pleasure as the wonderful sensations of pre-orgasm filled him. Holding one of her ankles with each of his hands he gripped her legs and parted them wide. The man half-squatted to bring the head of his cock level with the hole of her arse and then pushed up into her in one great and powerful lunge. He bellowed his pleasure as he filled her bloody hole, her warmth around him a long-awaited pleasure most welcome to attain. He pumped hard into her, ramming his cock fully up her rectum and panting hard as he did so.
	“You will learn bitch,” he breathed heavily as his hips pumped to drive his cock deep into her warm body. “That you will serve me and my wishes without question.”
	He came as she wailed her pain, jetting his seed into the American girl’s body in a most satisfying fuck of her arse that her utter revulsion heightened greatly for him. He pulled out for the last few squirts and took pleasure in seeing spurts of his bloodstained sperm fall onto her pale body. The Arab threw her legs casually away from him, picked up the cane again and readied himself.
	“And now,” he said evenly. “You will be punished for defying me.”
	He chuckled as she screamed again and then swung down hard to cause his softening cock to jerk again as the wonderful pounding surges of thrill passed through it.

								***

The second sample girl, the smaller brunette was suspended face down from the ceiling, her arms and legs were splayed wide like a skydiver falling to earth, tied by the wrists and ankles to dangle there. Her back was arched downward, bowing her belly toward the floor and her breasts pulled harder down by the lead weights attached to her nipples. Each weight, attached to her tender buds by thin but strong cord, was small but dense in weight and heavy in its pull. Small crocodile clips with sharp serrated teeth cut deeply into her firm buds to produce for her a constant and unrelenting raw agony to bear. She was gagged; a ball-gag had been forced into her mouth to stretch her jaws wide and to contort her face as a mask of pain and suffering. From her clitoris a further lead weight dangled, a smaller weight by equally effective in its pull on the crocodile clip clamped on her little button. The girl dared not flinch or tense a muscle for fear of the resulting pain she knew she would experience as the weights swung beneath her.
	The two remaining Arabs were naked in the same room as the girl, their cocks were hard and their need to abuse the slut great indeed. It was then with much care that the larger of the two Arabs wound the leather belt twice around his hand to leave a long and trail ing whip of wide leather dangling from his hand. He moved around to her rear end, between her stretched legs near her feet and adopted a stance ready to swing in. In a powerful and over the shoulder swing he swung the belt down hard to crack terribly harshly on the crease of her pert little buttocks.
	Her whole body jolted violently under the slamming impact, her body bucking and jerking, pulling at the cords and jiggling the lead weights to tear terribly at her tender buds. The girl’s head thrashed side-to-side and up and down as the pain tore through her, every sinew in her body locked rigid and she screamed pitifully into the gag to produce muffled cries of deep agony.
	He leaned into the swing this time, employing the full force of his powerful body to lay the leather belt down the crease of her arse and it landed with a sickeningly hard crack. The tip of the belt stung higher up, at the base of her spine but the main of the blow landed on its intended target, the softer and tender part of the cleft between her buttock cheeks.
	The spasms and convulsions of her body were renewed; the girl gagged and retched into the gag as the terrible pain tore through her body and registered in her brain. Specks of blood oozed out from around the teeth of the crocodile clips as the jerking weights tore at her soft flesh. As the next savage lash stung her body the bucking and jerking was renewed once again and the slut slumped lifelessly against her bonds.
	“She gives in a little too easily,” the Arab panted excitedly to his watching colleague. “These British women are so soft and pampered don’t you think?”
	His fellow Arab moved to her front, lifted her head by the hair and removed the ball-gag, unconscious though she was, he opened her mouth and fed his erect cock into her gaping mouth. Twice he slapped her face hard and then gave a delighted groan as the slut began to stir and to recover her senses, her warm, wet mouth unwittingly massaging the shaft and head of his cock. He nodded to his friend and tensed ready to take his pleasure. The belt swung down again, cracking with a resounding echo as it slapped cruelly on her reddened backside and the man with his cock in her mouth uttered a guttural groan of the deepest pleasure.
	“Again,” he urged excitedly. “Make the slut squirm and gobble on my cock.”
	His friend complied, whipping the belt down again but this time to strike pitifully on the girl’s gaping pussy slit, the reaction to which was amazing and most pleasing.
	She gulped in air but received cock head in her throat, her cheeks pumped in a frantic effort to breathe and her warm mouth worked to caress wonderfully and powerfully around his throbbing shaft.
	“Unnnh!” the Arab uttered in great delight. “Again, hit her again.”
	Twice more she received hard and sting cracks of the hard leather on her tender pussy and her body bucked violently in response, her mouth acting like a vacuum pump to draw the sperm from the cock in her mouth.
	The man cried out as he came, jerking his hips rapidly as he shot is wad of thick cum far to the back of her throat. He continued to shoot in powerful squirts as her body jolted under yet more stinging whips of the belt.
	The Arab that had been whipping her passed the belt over her body to the Arab at her head, he moved in quickly to insert his aching cock into her bruised pussy and rammed it fully up inside her in one urgent thrust. He rested there as his friend whipped her back hard, lashing down with full power to stripe her back a crimson blotchiness of raw agony. The man up her pussy tensed, the thrill of her abuse too much to resist. He grunted, arched his back and moaned loudly as he came, giving the girl a second dose of Arabic sperm to fill her tortured body.
	He pulled out of her, wiped the drips of his cum from his glistening cock and said to his friend.
	“These girls appear to be adequate for the purpose, I think we need to seal the deal and take the entire fifty of them back with us.”
	His friend slipped his cock out of the girl’s mouth, wiped it against her tear-stained face and nodded his agreement with a broad grin.

								***

The guards were amusing themselves with the women in the compound. They had lined the women up shoulders to shoulder and were moving down the line deciding which of them had the best tits. The sergeant as always took first turn, covering the first woman’s orbs with his big black hands and groping them coarsely as he watched her face. 
	“Too soft,” he decided and moved on to the next. The second guard took his place and felt the weeping woman’s tits for a second time, pulling and tweaking her nipples hard and sniggering when she squealed in pain. He too moved on and the third of the eight guards took his turn to feel and to assess for himself the appeal of her breasts.
	At about the twentieth woman the sergeant had a much longer and lewd feeling of the chestnut haired girl’s tits; he dipped his head down and sucked noisily and greedily on one of her firm nipples.
	“This one is nice,” he announced, unbuckled his belt and dropped his trousers.  He moved in close to her, gripped her around the waist and pressed his hard cock up against her pussy mound. He was breathing heavily, his tobacco reeking breath blowing hot on her naked chest as he located his cock between her thighs, into the slit of her pussy and then pushed up into the girl. Furiously he fucked the sobbing girl, standing and pulling her too him in full view of the other women. He was urged on by excited shouts from the other guards to pump his backside fast and furiously to fuck her roughly, and for his pleasure only. He did so and came quickly, emptying himself into the young girl’s warm sex.
	“No good dear,” he said as he pulled out of her, his thick sperm trickling from her pussy lips. “A useless fuck like you deserves punishment.” He laughed loudly and then slapped her face hard. “Down on your hands and knees in the dirt, you little slut and taste what comes to pathetic fucks like you.”
	She knelt there, naked and wailing as he whipped her arse savagely with the plaited strap, setting an example to any of the women that should be silly enough to fail to please the guards. It was a brutal and merciless beating that he gave her, thrashing her slight body soundly and until she pitched forward on her face sobbing heavily and crying in pain. 
	“And now,” he crowed to the disgusted women. “My guards will each try one of you – and if you fail to please..?” He roared with laughter and then nodded to his first guard.  “Fuck the slut hard,” he said and then laughed again.

								***

The Arabs sat around the low table drinking their traditional beverage of thick black and sweet coffee whilst the Blackman outlined the asking price for the fifty women.
	The senior Arab shook his head. “Far to high a price,” he stated firmly.
	“For fifty fuckable British and American sluts?” the Blackman said in dismissal. “All young and many of them fresh, never before violated either in pussy or in arse. Just think how your Arabic princes will view them and – what they will do to them.”
	The Arabs knew he was right, their main prince and his younger brothers would be delighted to say the least and their standing in his eyes at acquiring such a harem would auger well indeed for them. The price was high but fair, rarely could they find such quality, such youth and innocence in captive girls and the fact that they were Christian made it all the better for them. However, true to their customs they found it necessary to bargain and they did.
	“We will pay for forty and receive ten of them free of charge,” the senior Arab stated.
	The Blackman stood, a wry smile on his face.
	“You have received two already as samples, gifts from our leader Khalid, there are no more free issues to be had, the price stands – take it or leave it.”
	The Arab played a bluff; he slapped the table firmly and stood up. “In that case we will decline.”
	The Blackman, an experienced agent in selling female flesh grinned, he snapped his fingers and the servant waiting attentively by the entrance to the room opened the tall mahogany doors and stood back. Both of the sample girls, the tall blonde and the smaller brunette were wheeled in, strapped down on their backs onto the dining trolleys the girls wrists and ankles were lashed tightly to the legs of the trolleys. In their mouth, huge black dildos have been inserted, stretching their jaw wide and gagging their cries in the most effective and pleasing way possible. From their pussies similar but larger dildos protruded, the great girths of which stretched women’s labia harshly around the shafts of the rubber phalluses.
	“Can you really resist this offering of female flesh to toy with?” the Blackman asked knowingly and recognised in the Arabs the instant spark of arousal within them. “Can you not just imagine the reaction of the prince if they were wheeled into his chambers so?”
	He fell deliberately silent and moved to the window, looked out for a moment and then turned to face back into the room and added. “Imagine how pleased the prince would be to fuck an American arse, and a few British ones too.”
	The Arabs looked to one another and the three men nodded almost as one.
	“We have a deal,” the Arab said and ran his hand over the thigh of the blonde girl. “Our prince will certainly enjoy giving the American and British ‘one up the arse’.

								***

A young girl, barely eighteen by the dates in her passport, had been taken out of the compound and made to stand in the sun close to the log seats under the trees.
	The guards lounged there, smoking, drinking and generally passing the time as they awaited instructions from Khalid. They ogled the girl hungrily; her youthful naked body a delight to behold and her obvious dislike for blacks an added reason for selecting her. Either side of her stood a guard, armed with a long and thin, whippy branch freshly cut from the surrounding trees.
	“Dance for me,” the fat sergeant said and rested back in his seat crossing his legs casually.
	“But there is no music,” the girl said in reply.
	The sergeant nodded his acceptance of the fact and drew a long draw on his cheroot. He looked to the guards standing close to her and said without a hint of a smile. “Well! Provide the slut with some music then.”
	The girl screamed as one of the branches cut a savage lash across the back of her left calf, she leapt back instinctively, hopping on one foot as the hot burning pain seared through her lower leg. She yelped again a second cut sliced at her other calf and she hopped then onto that leg wailing her pain.
	“There!” the sergeant chortled. “Now you have music.”
	The girl squealed and jigged, hopping from one foot to the other as the stinging lashes cut at the backs of her legs in turn, her body bouncing and her arms flailing wildly as the awful pain burned deep.
	“My!” the sergeant chuckled, “Just look at the way her little tits bounce as she moves.”
	The guards mocked her as she squealed, enjoying her enforced dancing and then groaned loudly in disappointment as the girl collapsed onto her knees and then fell facedown on the ground.
	“Fucking bitch!” the sergeant screamed angrily and leapt up from his seat. He swung his foot in to thud it hard into the girl’s side, livid that his cabaret had been ruined. “Take her away!” he ordered as a shout. “To the stables with the slut, we can deal with her there.”

								***

It was Khalid’s sister that entered the room, she was calm and efficient as always and respectful of her elder brother, in that she chose to stand and not sit, as was their custom.
	“I have news brother.”
	He looked up from his writing; a courteous glance only and then continued scribbling and his sister continued to speak.
	“He have had a message passed to us by the United Nations.”
	Khalid put down his pen and sat back in his chair, his full interest now on the information that his sister held.
	“Tell me of this message,” he said, his deep voice echoing in the stillness.
	“They wish to send an emissary to discuss with you the release of the hostages.”
	“Hostages indeed,” he guffed in derision, “they know nothing these do-gooders.”
	“Should I reply to their message in the negative then my brother?”
	He nodded and then paused in thoughtful reflection.
	“Who would they send? The president on the UN himself perhaps?” he sneered sarcastically.
	His sister’s face remained expressionless.
	“I am informed that it would be a Marion Fitzgerald, their main international negotiator.”
	Khalid broke a sinister smile; visions came to him of the woman he had watched on television many times, the middle-aged busy body that interfered in just about every world conflict – on behalf of the civilised world, naturally.
	He gave a broad grin and instructed his sister thus.
	“Have her brought here, I will see her and will hear her plea.” He grinned even more broadly then and added. “And will send her back with a message that even the United national couldn’t fail to understand.”
	His sister bowed dutifully and went to the door but was halted by his sharp command.
	“Send little Dorothy to me, immediately,” he said, his eyes sparkling sexual meaning and hot arousal.
	The woman nodded slowly but her hesitation and manner portrayed a something withheld and Khalid knew her mannerisms well.
	 “Tell me,” he said as an instruction and not a request.
	“The girl, Dorothy, I caught her trying to climb out of the window late last night – she was trying to break for freedom.”
	The smile vanished from his face, his expression now one of a thunderous and terrible rage.
	His sister spoke again before he had chance.
	“I assured her that I wouldn’t tell you, she believes that it is our secret and that you will never hear of her attempt to flee.”
	A smile returned to his face, a most wicked smile of pleasured revenge.
	“Keep it that way, bring the slut to me in blissful ignorance. You have done well sister, you serve elder your brother well.”
	The compliment pleased her much and it showed. She bowed her head respectfully once more and was gone from the room.

								***

They had the dancing girl tied to a horse, sat astride it with a huge dildo pushed up into her cunt. Her ankles were tied, roped together beneath the horse and her thighs stretched wide around the body of the great beast. Her hands were tied behind her back and roped to the rear of the small leather saddle to further hold her upright on the big stallion.
	Around the clearing they led the horse by the reins, at the trot, a fast one, to ensure that the girl was bounced up and down as much as was possible. The guards cheered as she wailed and yelled, the bouncing of her on the horse driving the dildo harder and further up into her stretched pussy.
	“Faster!” the sergeant shouted excitedly and gripped his cock through his trousers as the naked girl was bounced and jerked on the back of the horse. He watched blood leaking from the lips of her pussy, dribbling out from around the shaft of the big dildo and then groaned with disappointment when the girl slumped forward on the neck of the horse and passed out.
	“Bring me a girl from the compound, a redhead,” he ordered one of the guards and massaged his stiff cock through his trousers. “I fancy fucking a ginger minge today.”


								***


“Hello sir,” little Dorothy said brightly as she entered his quarters and closed the door, she skipped childishly over to stand before him her little pigtails and skirt bouncing appealingly as she went.
	He was sitting on the settee, naked and with his huge cock sticking up in hard erection. Khalid ogled her silently, her school uniform looked adorable, different today as he had instructed but innocent looking and pleasing she most certainly looked. The grey skirt had been replaced by a navy-blue dress with a bib at the front held up by thin shoulder straps and was without the pleats. It was short just like the other one, showing her legs and thighs to great effect but a pleasing difference form the tried and tested grey, it hugged her thighs and hips wonderfully to show her slim shape beneath the thick material. The white blouse beneath made her brown tanned face positively glow and her little pigtails gave her face a cock-jerking sexual alluring of childish naivety.
	“Panties?” he sought confirmation.
	She pulled up the front of her dress to show him. “White, jus as you like them to be sir.”
	He nodded and she dropped the dress back down again then stood silently awaiting his instructions.
	“Today, Dorothy,” he said evenly. “Dear little Dorothy, you are going to suck my cock.”
	His cock reared in thrilled reaction as her expression changed to one of dread and her fearful gaze at his cock fully portrayed her horror at the very thought.
	“But…But…”
	“You will suck it and suck it well,” he spoke over her protests. “You will do it with great pleasure, will portray your great delight at being allowed to do so and you will not fail to make me come – is that clear?”
	She swallowed hard and looked again at the huge cock, she gave a fearful whimper and then nodded her head slowly but reluctantly.
	“Kneel then, dirty slut, kneel before me and pleasure me with your sweet little mouth.”
	The trembling little girl slowly lowered herself to her knees; she edged in closer, between his parted thighs and steeled herself to perform the required act.
	He watched in silent fascination as her little hand reached out, the tiny little fingers with the long red-painted nails, so slim and delicate. He gasped and tensed as her hand closed around his big shaft just beneath the head, her finger failing to meet around his cock so thick was his size. Her soft, warm touch was heavenly, light and caressing, nervous and hesitant. Khalid cried out as she gripped him harder and shifted his hips forward in his seat as the beautiful sensations flooded through him.
	The girl tried to wank him, sliding his rubbery foreskin back down the shaft but she failed with one hand and instead employed both, gripping his cock like a baseball bat and rubbing him to pleasure like that.
	He watched her face, then her little hands and then her face again, the little bitch was wonderful and he enjoyed her fumbled wanking much, despite her inexperience.
	“Kiss the tip,” he said throatily and then watched as her head dipped in, her full red lips pouted and she planted a light kiss on the eyehole of his cock.
	“Unnnh!” he gasped and gripped the seat cushions of the settee with both hands.
	She shivered at the reaction, delighted that he was pleased; she could she felt, get him to come this way, and thereby avoid having to take the big thing into her mouth at all. Little Dorothy kissed again, this time a kiss of deep passion and sexual meaning, dragging her soft lips around the great bulbous head of his cock and muttering her delight as he tensed and groaned his pleasure. Her tongue flicked and licked, circling around and under the head of his cock to tease and to tantalise the man mercilessly, she moaned and sighed, drew breath and muttered to add effect to her apparent willingness. Bolder she became by the moment, kissing now and licking up the underside of his shaft in long and catlike strokes of her wet, warm tongue. She looked at his face constantly, with wide and moon-like eyes, her head tilted to the side and mewing her contentment as he grunted his approval often.
	“So big,” she breathed and tried to envelope the head of his cock with her mouth but failed as her mouth stretched almost to the limit. Instead she drilled the very tip of he tongue down into the little eyehole of his cock and started as his hips bucked high in reaction.
	“Little bitch!” he moaned aloud.
	She continued to tease and to taunt, flicking the tip of her tongue across the tip of his cock as she gripped the head tightly with her full red lips. Her free hand cupped his balls in her palm to make him heave his hips up and to emit a huge sigh of the deepest pleasure. As she felt him tensing in the throes of pre-orgasm she teased her fingernails close to the entrance of his anus and shuddered as he bellowed aloud his great delight. He was coming, she was achieving her aim, to bring him to climax with out it fully in her mouth and she used her tongue more to speed him to it.
	Khalid was in a detached state of heady sexual bliss, the magic being worked on his cock was out of this world and the way the little slut was looking at him with those big cow-like eyes brought him close to his peak. In his state of high sexual thrill and excitement he grasped her pigtails, one in each of his hands and held her head steady as he pushed up and in.
	The girl tensed instantly, her hands went to his thighs and she braced her arms, holding herself back from him as her mouth was stretched wide by his cock. She gagged as it forced in, her lips now pulled wide to almost the point at which they would split and then his shaft drove in fully and far to the back of her throat. She bucked her body and pushed her hands against him in a vain effort to resist his entry into her mouth but his great strength and need overcame her puny resistance easily. 
	He lunged up with his hips, driving his cock deeper into her gullet and pulling down on her pigtails at the same time then pulling her head back up before plunging it down again on him.
	Her cheeks billowed out as though filled with air, her eyes locked wide and staring and her hands clawed frantically at his to try to break his grip on her hair. Up and own he pumped her head, sliding her wet mouth up and down the length of his shaft and ramming his cock as hard in as he could. 
	“Dirty little slut,” he spat in disgust and drove his hips up to meet the downward movement of her head.
	So hard did he thrust into her that at times her little body was lifted up with the force of his fucking, her knees momentarily lifting from the floor as he lunged urgently upward into her mouth.
	Her hands now beat desperately at his thighs, flailing wildly as she fought to breathe. She was jolted and jerked, her head pumping rapidly now as he pounded hard into her stretched mouth. The girl’s face began to take on a bluish hue as she became starved of oxygen and her struggling lessened as she started to go limp.
	Khalid tensed and groaned as he climax was reached, he slid her mouth of his cock but head her head steady with her face at the end of his cock.
	The girl’s mouth gaped open as she sucked in air greedily to feed her starved lungs, gulp after gulp of air she sucked in, thankful only that she could not at least breath.
	His cock erupted with a terrific force to jet a thick stream of his cum onto her eyes, up her nose and into her wide-open mouth. On and on the spurts went, splattering her face with his thick, sticky cream as the girl gagged and retched struggling now to pull back. He held her firm though, his hold on her pigtails unrelenting as he emptied his full load of cum all over the sobbing girl’s face. Khalid held her there until the last spurt of his sperm had soiled her pretty face and then he said as a sneer.
	“Thought you could trick me did you, slut?” He gave a low and evil chuckle. “Thought that you could play willing and then make a break out from here did you? Now then you can pay the price of such folly.”
	He threw her head away from him in disgust, propelling the wailing girl back over her own heels and flop onto the floor like a finished with rag.
	“And suffer much you will – slut!”

								***

The sergeant stood to attention in Khalid’s office as he received his orders, his delight at the news of the sale of the women having being agreed he could not disguise, a fat bonus was due and he would live well on it too.
	“Repeat my orders,” Khalid said. “I must be certain that you fully understand them.”
	The man cleared his throat.
	“I am to march the women through the jungle to a point one mile from the road to the major town, there to be met by your agent and to assist him in the transportation of the women to the holding warehouse at the docks.”
	Khalid nodded.
	“The agent will arrive with trucks to take the women, you must ensure that each is tied, gagged and drugged so as to keep them quiet during the journey.”
	The sergeant nodded his head readily.
	“And,” Khalid added with a full tone of threat in his voice. “Keep those filthy lorry drivers hands off the women, your guards too. – And that includes yourself from now on - The price will drop if the women arrived any more soiled than they are now.”
	“Fully understood sir.”
	Khalid dismissed him with a wave of his hand. “You leave at dawn.”
	The man saluted, turned and opened the door to leave and then hesitated.
	“Sir, the little oriental girl…”
	“She stays!” Khalid raved and smashed his fist down on the desk in violent anger and the sergeant fled without further words.

								***

Marion Fitzgerald, the UN negotiator, had complained non-stop throughout the long journey to the camp, this Khalid knew, the guides, his guards, had told him so. The horse provided was unsuitable she had said often and the conditions simply appalling, a helicopter was at her disposal and should have been used. She had strongly objected also to being blindfolded during her journey, it was an unnecessary precaution and a humiliation, as she saw it.
	The big black leader sat in the armchair of the lounge, in his private quarters waiting to receive her. 
	“Where is she now?” he asked of the fat sergeant.
	“With your sister, sir, freshening up and preparing herself for the negotiations.” The sergeant gave a wry grin and stifled a snigger.
	Khalid lit a cheroot, tossing the cigarette lighter casually onto the table in front of him and crossed his legs casually.
	“Go now, sergeant and bring the sanctimonious bitch here immediately, she will not keep me waiting.”
	The sergeant beamed his delight.
	“You will, sergeant, remain inside this room and by the door throughout the meeting – but, will not speak of interrupt. Is that clear?”
	The man saluted smartly and hurried off to perform his task.

She was taller than Khalid had realised, a little under six-feet but that had never been apparent on the television news programmes he had watched her participate in. She was lean and slim, quite attractive for her age in fact, fit and well groomed with an air of total confidence and perhaps arrogance about her.  She strode into his lounge haughtily, offered her hand formally in greeting and was crestfallen when Khalid never stood nor accepted her offered hand.
	“Sit,” Khalid said evenly, waved his hand to the settee and then ogled her shape leeringly as she sat slowly down and crossed her legs.
	About forty-two he guessed her to be, perhaps more but the makeup and designer clothes did their job in adding a hint of youth to her appearance. She had dark brown hair, obviously dyed, as all of it was an even colour, a little to perfect and even colour to be natural. She had changed her clothes, to a figure-hugging tartan skirt that came down almost to her knees and didn’t pull back a great deal when she at, showing only a short part of her thigh above the knee as bare flesh. A practical and dark blouse she worn, in brown, with long sleeves and buttoned high up her throat to retain all modesty. He felt her haughty and spoiled slut, a do-gooder with not an ounce of commonsense as to how people really live and act in this world. He imagined her more at home in suburbia, taking tea with the vicar and organising coffee mornings with the Ladies Circle.
	“You wished to see me,” Khalid stated and peered at the hem of her skirt but without disguising the fact that he was ogling her legs.
	The woman edged forward in her seat and prepared to speak, she halted though, aware of her skirt having ridden back a little up her thigh and pulled it back into place with unnecessary haste. She pressed her knees tightly together, pressing them in to prevent sight under her skirt being offered to him.
	“I have come to ask you to release the women hostages into the care and safe keeping of the United Nations.” She felt the very mention of the world organisation would have great influence and that showed clearly in her smug expression, as though she expected the man to cave in instantly, apologetic, remorseful and willing to comply.
	Khalid took a long draw on his cheroot and taking his time, blew out a long plume of smoke. 
	“And you expect me simply to hand them over to you simply because you asked?”
	“You do have them here then?” she said, trying to pin him down and to take control.
	He smiled, “so say you and not I.”
	Khalid fixed his gaze onto the points of her breasts, his big eyes boring into the thrusting mounds, mentally undressing her and letting her know that he was doing so.
	The woman shifted uncomfortably under his stare and folded her arms across her chest to deny him sight of her thrusting mounds.
	“You have hostages though?” she tried to counter and even her pathetic attempt to trap him verbally sounded amateurish, even to her.
	“You refer to them as hostages, I know them to be something else.”
	His gaze returned to the hem of her skirt and he smiled as she inadvertently showed an inch of flesh above her knee.
	“Surely not political prisoners?” she said with a tone of mocking in her voice and sat back confident that she was now beginning to make headway in the negotiations. 
	Khalid had tired of her already, of her demand to use a helicopter and thereby discover the location of the camp, of her asking the guards as to their location during the journey and silly attempts to entrap him.
	He leaned forward, his expression set and his lips curled back in a terrifying snarl.
	“You are a self-important and over inflated bitch that meddles in matters that you haven’t a clue about.”
	She was stunned, shaken to the core by his outburst. She flushed red, and trembled slightly and then stumbled her words as she tried to compose herself and to cover her acute embarrassment.
	“You hold fifty women…”
	“Fifty-one,” Khalid corrected, “including you.”
	She sneered in derision, dismissing the very suggestion out of hand.
	“You can’t take a representative of the United nations hostage!” she responded haughtily and as though it were an impossibility.
	Khalid nodded to the sergeant who opened the door and waved two guards into the room and then slammed the door again noisily.
	“You will not be a hostage,” Khalid reassured evenly and stood up, the front of his trousers pushed out to form a tent by his erect cock. “You will convey a message back to the UN for me, a message that will explain all.”
	She slumped and sighed with relief and then cried out in fear as the two black guards moved up behind her, one to each side of the settee and grasped her arms firmly. Marion Fitzgerald screamed as she was hauled to her feet and then stunned to silence as Khalid slapped her hard across the face to jar her head violently to the side. She was dazed and could offer no resistance as Khalid’s great hands gripped the front of her blouse and ripped it roughly apart, tearing the thin material and exposing her bare chest and her little white bra.
	“Pretty little tits you have,” he sniggered and grabbed at them, his big black hands groping and feeling her soft orbs as the woman whimpered her fears loudly.
	In one great yank he pulled the little bra from her body, ripping the little harness clean off her to spill her tits naked and exposed to the men’s gazes. Again he felt and groped, pinching her nipples hard to cause her to cry out in pain and to continue her heavy sobbing.
	Khalid slipped his hand up the front of her skirt, felt under her knickers and at her pussy and then forced two fingers roughly up inside her cunt.
	“Getting the message?” he chortled and finger-fucked her crudely for several minutes as she wailed her shame and pain to the ceiling above her.
	The rest of her clothing was ripped from her, the skirt tugged at, her body jerked and twisted as the thicker waistband refused at first to break and then finally snapped to expose her near naked body. Her knickers were whipped way with ease and she gave a low groan of total humiliation as the men laughed at her shaven pussy mound.
	She was thrown back, onto the settee with her arms and legs pulled wide apart by the eager guards hands and held there with her gaping sex hole fully on display to all. The woman sobbed and wailed, bucked and struggled but could not break the firm holds on her wrists and ankles. The woman fell silent as Khalid dropped his trousers and underpants and wapped out his monster cock. She drew breath, her eyes wide and staring in disbelief that a man could possibly possess such a huge, long and thick cock. It stuck up like an enormous cucumber, the shaft gnarled and weathered and the head the size of a ripe tomato. 
	“Oh God,” she whimpered as the huge Blackman knelt down between her stretched thighs and aimed his big cock between her legs.
	“My message to you to take to the UN then,” Khalid said with a huge grin on his face. “Is, that that they can do the same as I am going to do with my cock… ‘And shove it as far up your arse as I can get it’.”

								***

The first of the unit of Untied Nations soldiers, an American jungle unit of twenty men and officers, watched the abandoned camp from the edge of the jungle clearing. The lead scout scanned each hut in turn carefully; assuring himself that no sign of the terrorists remained. His experienced gaze moved over the undergrowth behind the huts and to the side of the compound, the seating area under the trees and then to the figure hanging from a tree branch. Satisfied that all was safe, he signalled to his officer to advance, stepped out into the clearing and made directly for the little figure suspended by her wrists from the branch of the tree.
	It was a girl he could plainly see, a little oriental girl; with the remnants of a school uniform hanging in shreds from her little body. Raw, red marks cross-crossed her exposed breasts; the nipples bitten almost through and cut marks were to be seen on other parts of her. As he moved around the dangling girl further evidence of her suffering became apparent, her knickers had been ripped away and her backside whipped to a vivid red and raw blotchiness. Her anal ring had been completely ruptured, cruelly split asunder by some large and cylindrical object and yet, to his amazement, the little girl moaned softly and stirred to show life in her remained.
	It was pitiful the soldier felt, to see one so young and innocent, that had been ‘Taken by Force’.

The end.









































Today's middle class Americans maintain a stable outlook  which in reality masks the turmoil existing behind drawn blinds.

There is alcoholism, promiscuous sex, for the adult and  teenager alike, and, for some, the breakup of marital relationships as a  result of mate-swapping. The children observe their parents' so-called "mature" lifestyles. The mark is made and the effect lasts a lifetime. This is the story of a family in which the relationships follow an unusual course of development. What happens to the children is a  startling revelation of how events can alter personalities, how fate plays with all. THE FAMILY'S FOUR-WAY SUCK-a novel with a lesson for those unaware of what is really happening behind the closed doors of  America.


-The Publisher


THE FAMILY'S FOUR WAY SUCK

by Tom Allison

CHAPTER ONE

"One: empty liquor bottles littered on the front seat of the car.  Two: three half-naked girls in the back seat."

Steve Madison held up his hand and counted out the  offenses on his fingers, while his teenaged daughter looked up at him sullenly. "Three: one of the girls was in the act of.. .the act of sodomy when the squad car rolls into the drive-in. And four: all three boys and all  three girls-including you, especially you-are sassy and uncooperative to  the officers who brought you home, even though it's an absolute wonder that they didn't arrest you!" His eyes smoldering, Steve folded his arms across his chest and looked furiously down at his daughter. He was in his early forties and there was some grey in his temples, but he still had  the overall rugged appearance of the football star he'd been in college, and he was still capable of plenty of anger. He was particularly angry now. It was almost two in the morning, and Steve had barely had time to dress when the police had  called him to come in and identify his daughter. Tammy had been picked up for being "drunk and disorderly," as the police put it, at a drive-in.  And it wasn't the first time she'd been in trouble. "Now, all I want to know is what in God's name you have to say for yourself," Steve concluded furiously. "I am at my absolute limit  with you. For the past two years you have ignored my authority as a parent, you have gone running off with any boy who wanted to date you,  you have come home so drunk that you could hardly walk. And now this! Tammy, what possible explanation can you give me for tonight's  behavior?"

"I can give you a real good explanation, Daddy," Tammy said  evenly. "I like to fuck!"

"You like to . . . you like to what?" Steve sputtered, reddening  brightly.

Tammy brushed the straight brown hair out of her wide blue  eyes and looked at her father defiantly. She was still drunk enough to be  careless, and she didn't like being ordered around.

"You heard me. I like to fuck! That's the only reason I went out  with them! I don't give a shit about the drinking! I like to get my pussy fucked!" "What?" Steve was practically shrieking now, and his fists were clenched tightly at his sides. "You shut your filthy mouth! You, you" "Slut? Is that what you want to call me, Daddy?"

Shamelessly Tammy ran her hands up her sleek thighs and  lithe hips, making her father look at the lush curves that were so  mouthwateringly developed for a girl who stood only five-feet-three.

"Well, what's so bad about that? Shit, I know why guys like to  go out with me!"

Tammy arched her back as she lay on the bed, then wantonly  caressed her big tits through the blouse. Steve gasped as he watched. Tammy's tits were obscenely oversized for her girlish frame, two firm  D-cup melons that jiggled provocatively in the most restrictive of brassieres and had earned her the name of "Big Tits Tammy." But the first thing she'd done at the drive-in was to let a boy take her bra off, and she knew that her father was now staring at her  huge, fat nipples through her top.

"They like my big tits, Daddy! Lots of girls would do the shit I  do if they had big tits like mine! Guys like to suck on them and I like to get 'em sucked-at least before they put their big, fat hard-ons in my horny pussy!" "You shut up!" By now Steve was trembling with rage. He glanced nervously at the bedroom door, as if afraid that Tammy's big  brother Johnny or her mother Lana might overhear. "You shut your filthy mouth this instant!'' "And I've got a real tight, juicy pussy too, Daddy!" Tammy continued brazenly. Licking her lips, she pulled aside the crotch of her shorts,  displaying a thick mass of darkbrown cunt hair. She started to hump her full, round ass suggestively off the bed. "I'll bet you'd like to fuck a tight, juicy cunt like mine! Wouldn't you?" "I told you to shut up!"

Tammy gasped as her father leaned forward, slapping her  sharply across the cheek. Immediately Steve was sorry, and his expression changed as he stepped back from the bed. It was one of the  few times he'd ever hit her, but he was still very, very mad.

"Now, I don't want to hear one more word out of you," Steve  said, fighting to control his voice. "From this moment onward, you can consider yourself grounded. Indefinitely grounded to his house, except  for school." Tammy shrugged. Her father had grounded her lots of times.

"This time I mean it, young lady! I am going to instruct your  mother, your uncle and your cousin, Bridget, to keep a close watch on you. If you so much as step out of this house without permission, you can say bye-bye to that car I promised you for your birthday." "No, Daddy!" Tammy immediately sat up! Her father had never threatened to take her car away before. "Aw, Daddy, you promised me  that car! You can't-"

"I said shut up!" Steve interrupted harshly. "My word is final! I  have had it up to here with you, Tammy! God only knows why you couldn't be a decent, obedient girl like-" "Like my cousin, Bridget," Tammy interrupted, in a sing-song  voice.

"Yes, like your cousin, Bridget!" Steve roared. He stepped out  of the room, pointing an accusing finger at his daughter. "Now remember what I said! You are grounded!" Then he left, slamming the  door behind him.

Tammy groaned and swore obscenities at her father under  her breath. Then she absentmindedly started to rub her hot pussy through her shorts. She was in a particularly bad mood now, and it  wasn't just because she'd been grounded. Tammy hated being reminded of her cousin. Bridget was just her age, though she looked younger, a slim girl with long, blonde hair and an innocent face. She and Tammy's Uncle  Cal, Steve's brother, had moved in with them when Cal's company had  relocated to their area.

Cal and Bridget lived in the two-room cottage on the Madison  property behind the main house. Sometimes they ate dinner with Steve, Lana, Johnny and Tammy, and sometimes they fixed dinner for themselves on the cottage's hot plates. Tammy knew that Bridget was  all right, but she seemed like such a fucking goody-goody. She never got in trouble. Tammy wondered what Bridget did when she got horny, if  she ever got horny at all.

Tammy knew how often her own pussy got horny-it was  horny right now!

Wincing, the big-titted teenager hurriedly stripped off her  shorts, baring her very hairy, very tight cunt. A quick dip of her fingers  into the pouting pink slit confirmed her suspicions-it was literally dripping with cream. She was dying to get fucked. Goddamn the fucking cops, Tammy thought miserably. If they'd just come twenty minutes later George would have had the  chance to give her the fucking she needed. As it was, all she'd had a chance to do was suck his prick a , and that wasn't enough, not nearly  enough.

Tammy considered the grounding and considered how long it  would be before her next fuck. Then she started to finger-fuck herself, splaying her shapely thighs wide as she rubbed her clit. Goddamn it!  She knew she couldn't take a chance on the car! Her father might keep her inside for months! What was she going to do? Of course, she could always fuck him! Tammy giggled and finger-fucked herself

faster, using her left hand to pump two fingers into her clinging pussy as her right thumb pleasured her clit. There was no shame in the thought of  fucking her father. Tammy had known she wanted to make it with him for years, ever since she'd seen that big prick he had one day when he  came out of the shower.

He had a hard-on tonight, Tammy thought, or at least a partial  hard-on. The wanton brunette moaned as she remembered the way her father had looked at her stacked figure, the bulging of his cock obvious  through his slacks. She got closer and closer to cumming as she  imagined her daddy's long, meaty cock spearing wetly into her horny cunt...


CHAPTER TWO

"Aw, Daddy, put on more of the cream!" Bridget squealed.  "You've got such a big cock!"

The slim, blonde teen was spread-eagled on the bed in their  little cottage, her ankles crossed around her father's back and his huge, fat cock crammed up her curly haired cunt. Moaning as his prick throbbing in her pussy, thirty-eight-year-old Cal hurriedly applied more cream to the cock-filled  lips of his daughter's cunt, dipping his fingers into the economy-sized  jar of Albolene by the bed. Bridget had a very tight pussy, and Cal had a very fat cock. Sometimes they used up a whole jar in just a couple of  days!

"Okay, Daddy!" Bridget let her head fall back to the sheets, groaning as her father's prick poked deeper into her cunt hole. "That's  good! Now start fucking me again! You're gonna make me cum!"

Cal supported the weight of his torso on outstretched arms,  looking lovingly down at his naked daughter. The lights were on and Bridget looked so sexy and beautiful. Sometimes, even in the middle of a good fuck, he had to pause to thank goodness for the privacy of the backyard cottage. They  needed lots of seclusion to partake of a pleasure as illicit as incest. Cal  had been fucking his daughter for a year now, and he knew he never wanted to give up the Joys of her tight, eager cunt. It had turned her into  such a good, obedient girl, too. She didn't have to go out with boys when she knew she'd have her daddy's prick to fuck every night. "Fuck me, Daddy!" Bridget pulled him down against her, so that his hairy chest crushed her stiff-nippled tits. "My pussy's so wet.  Fuck me, Fuck me!"

Cal cradled his head between his daughter's neck and  shoulder, groaning as he felt the wet pressure of her pussy walls sucking around his cock. Then he resumed the steady fuck rhythm,  pounding his stone-hard prick in and out of her juicy cunt.

Bridget slid her slim legs higher up his muscular body,  wrapping her ankles together around the middle of his back. Feverishly  her ass bounced off the bed, avidly pounding her wet pussy onto the satisfying stiffness of his cock. "You fuck me so good, Daddy! Haaarder! Aww, Daddy, I wanna cum." Groaning with pleasure, Cal started to fuck his daughter's juicy pussy as hard as he could. In and out his big prick sawed,  spearing deeper into her pussy with every stroke. His cock head touched the opening of her womb, sending spasming thrills through his  daughter's body. Their bellies slapped sweatily together and the bed  creaked loudly as the fucked noisily.

"I'm cumming, Daddy!" Suddenly Bridget wrapped her arms  around his shoulders, clawing his back with her long nails. "Unh! Can't staaaand it! Fuck my cunt, Daddy, fuck it hard! I'm cuuummmiiinnggg!" The cum gushed through her naked body, making her asshole pucker as her pussy contracted rhythmically around her  father's big cock. Cal fucked her hard and fast through the spasms of her cum, groaning as her slippery cunt tunnel milked his cock, But his  prick was still hard inside her when she finally stopped humping beneath him. "Okay, Daddy. Take it out now!"

"But I still need to cum!" Cal didn't want to, but slowly  withdrew his prick and winced as the rock-hard shaft oozed pre-cum  onto his daughter's sweating belly.

Bridget giggled and pinched her father's rosy cock head. "I  know, Daddy! But I want to give you a blow-job! I need a cum cocktail tonight."

Cal followed his daughter into the bathroom, his massive  prick throbbing stiffly before him. He knew that after she cleaned the lube out of her pussy, she'd want her pussy sucked. Then it would be  his turn for total relief. "Oh, Daddy, clean me good," Bridget purred. "I love the way  your fingers feel on my cunt." Bridget stood naked in the bathtub, soap suds covering her lower belly and pussy triangle. Kneeling on the floor by the tub, Cal  pushed his fingers gently into her pussy to clean out the traces of Albolene. This was such a regular form of foreplay for them that they  even used a special soap that wouldn't irritate the tender folds of Bridget's pussy. "Ummmm, Daddy!" Bridget flexed her pussy muscles around her father's probing fingers. "I love it when you get me all clean like  this."

Cal carefully washed his daughter's pussy completely, then  soaped up her ass cheeks and thrust a finger into her asshole. Bridget hornily rocked her ass as he cleaned her asshole too, finger-fucking into  the puckered ring with a soapy finger. "Okay, honey," he said softly. "Down we go."

Cal turned on the water arid his daughter lay down in the tub,  positioning herself under the gushing stream, her feet on the tiled wall and her pussy writhing under the lukewarm flow. A minute later, Cal shut  off the water and Bridget rose eagerly to her feet.

"Okay, Daddy! Now you get to dry me off!" Cal retrieved the fresh towel and carefully toweled off his daughter's luscious figure, taking special care with the matted triangle of  her pussy. Then Bridget stepped onto the throw rug on the bathroom  floor.

"Here comes the good part, Daddy." She stretched out on her back, wiggling her ass on the rug seductively. Then she spread her legs wide apart, showing her father  the clean, glistening lips of her pussy.

"Suck it for me Daddy!" Bridget lightly fingered herself,  squeezing the plump, pouting lips of her cunt together. "Suck my cunt and make it all juicy again." Cal stretched out on his belly and groaned as he buried his head between his daughter's legs. Already the pungent aroma of fresh  cunt cream seeped from her pussy slit, making his prick throb painfully as he savored the smell of his daughter's cunt. He thrust his hands under her lithe hips, gripping the cheeks  of her horny ass. Then he thrust his tongue deep inside her hairy pussy hole, spreading the pink slit wide.Immediately Bridget started to hump her ass, grinding and thrusting her pussy onto her father's face. "That's so good, Daddy! Suck  it for me! Make my cunt cum!"

Cal massaged her humping ass cheeks for a minute, then  pulled them away and used his fingers to spread the glistening folds of her pussy. Holding them open, he tongued out the pink interior of her  pussy, cleaning off the fuck-juices as they drooled from the depths of her cunt channel. "Unnngghhh!" Whimpering, the horny blonde humped her  ass faster, pulling her father's hair. "Lick it, Daddy! Lick my clit!"

The sensitive nubbin was swollen at the top of her cunt slit,  protruding from the soft, flowering folds. Cal pushed his tongue up her throbbing pussy and wrapped it around her clit like a slippery eel. He  alternated between licking it and kissing it, occasionally flicking his tongue on the tip. "Ahhhhh! I love it, Daddy! Ahhhhh!"

Bridget's face softened into a dreamy smile of sexual  pleasure. She closed her eyes and rested her cheek on the floor, continuing to hump her ass as her father's tongue brought her closer  and closer to cumming.

Cal knew just what his daughter liked and he wanted to make  her cum hard, so he'd be able to lick up all of her hot fuck-juices. His  tongue moved on her clit, making it grow and pulse hornily. Then he slid the fingers of his free hand to her hairy pussy. It was by nowcompletely dripping with fuck-oil, as sticky as it had been before the bath. Cal pushed his fingers all the way into her throbbing pussy and  started to finger-fuck her as he licked her clit.

"Nuuunhhh! I'm gonna cum, Daddy! Oh fuck, now put your  finger in my ass!"

That was the last pleasure, the one that always put the  insatiable Bridget over the edge. Stiffening his finger, Cal pushed it between her ass cheeks until it touched her puckered, hairless ring.  Slowly he slid it all the way into her asshole, feeling the rubbery sheath  compress around it tightly.

Immediately Bridget's dreamy smile contorted to a grimace of  extreme arousal, clawing the back of her father's neck, Bridget humped her ass uncontrollably off the bathroom floor. "Yes, Daddy! Stick your  finger up my ass. Play with my pussy, lick it, suck it . . . awwww, Daaaaaddy, I'm cuuumiiiinnnnggggg!" Her cunt throbbed into orgasm, juicing heavily as the pouting lips gushed out their reservoir of fuck-juice. Now Cal alternated between  licking her clit and stabbing his tongue into her Pulsating fuck hole; the best part of sucking his daughter off was being able to lick up all the  cream that came out of her cunt.

"Ungggghhhh!" Bridget grit her teeth as she continued to  hump and buck, spasming sharply as the last cum peaks shot through  her body. "Oh, Daddy! Fuck ... ahhh."

Slowly she let her reddened ass cheeks fall back to the floor.  For a long time she lay there spread-eagled, panting and sighing as her naked father continued to clean up the stray drops of oil from her  throbbing cunt.

"Okay, Daddy," she said finally. "It's your turn now. I can't  wait any longer. I want your big prick in my mouth!"

Cal rose to his feet, walked to the toilet and sat down on it, his  hairy legs spread and his massive prick pulsing stiffly on his stomach.  The combination of fucking and sucking his pretty daughter had made his prick as hard as a bone, painfully loaded with cum and blood. But the wait had been worth it. Hot pre-cum oozed from the tip of his cock as he watched his daughter crawl over, kneeling on the  floor before the toilet. His daughter gave the best, hardest suck-job he'd ever had in his life! "It's nice and stiff for my mouth, Daddy!"

Giggling, the eager blonde wrapped her fist tightly around the  veined trunk of her father's cock. Eagerly she jacked on it, moving her fist fast and hard, making more cock juice dribble out of the tip. "Are your balls nice and full of cum? Am I going to get a belly full of your jism, Daddy? You know how much I love your jizz!" Cal groaned and nodded his head. Then he thrust his fingers  in his daughter's long blonde hair, pulling down, signaling her to begin the blow-job.

Bridget pushed her tight fist to the root of his cock, holding it  in position. For a minute she just licked up and down the throbbing shaft, teasing her father, making him as hot as she could. Her tongue  danced around his ball bag, titillating the hairy sac. She briefly took one cum-congested globe into her mouth and sucked it hard. "Ahhhh!" The cock cream was oozing freely from the tip of Cal's prick, making his spongy knob slippery with drooling cum. "So  good, honey! Suck it now! I can't wait anymore! Suck daddy's hard  cock!"

Bridget paused again to lick the bridge of flesh between his  balls and his asshole. Then she gradually moved her mouth up to the knob of his cock again, showering the shaft with kisses along the way. Opening her mouth wide, the horny blonde made a lewd smacking sound as she engulfed the first several inches of her father's  cock. The knob pushed past her tonsils, nearly choking her. But a year of daily cock-sucking had taught her to fight back the reflex, flaring her  nostrils to breathe when her mouth was stuffed by his prick.

"Ahhh, God!" Hungrily, Cal looked down at his daughter's  face, her lips stretched to bursting as they tightly compressed his cock. "That's good, honey! Now suck on it! Daddy needs to cum!" Bridget moved her head from side to side,


again nearly choking herself as she crammed another inch of his meaty cock into her mouth. Then her cheeks puckered, and then she started  sucking, squeezing her fingers repeatedly around the root of his cock.

Cal squirmed on the toilet seat, groaning as the wet  sensations danced around the head and shaft of his prick. Soon he knew his daughter would make it impossible to think about anything but  the load of cum building in his nuts. That was the best thing about her, he thought shamelessly. She was the best cocksucker he'd ever had in  his life. More than anything else, she sucked hard, and she was beginning to do that now. Bridget brushed the hair out of her eyes,  bobbing her head as she began to lewdly fuck her throat with her father's stone-hard prick. The familiar slurping, smacking sounds came  out of the back of her throat, filling the bathroom. That was another thing about his daughter, Cal thought happily, she was a very loud, juicy  blow-job artist, too.

Skillfully she pressed her tongue on the underside of his  drooling cock head, making the whole trunk of his prick spasm and pulse in her mouth. Bridget's lips compressed tirelessly around the  veined stiffness, drinking in the shaft. Alternately her cheeks puckered and bellowed, increasing the suction around her father's cock. "Ahhh, fuck!" Cal curled his fingers into her hair and bucked  his ass, fucking his prick down her throat. "Keep doing it, baby! Shit, you suck my cock so good! Daddy's gonna cum!" Bridget pulled some of the big prick out of her mouth, pausing at the tip to lick all the oozing cream off of his bloated cock  head. Then she contentedly slurped a full half of his prick down her throat. She was really sucking violently now, reddening until her cheeks were crimson, thinking of nothing but the oral pleasure she  could bring to her dad's aching prick. The smacking, slurping noises  became even louder.

"Jack on it now, baby!" Cal demanded hoarsely. "I'm getting  real close!"

Bridget tightened her fist around the thick root of her father's  fat prick. Urgently she began to beat his meat fast and hard, milking and tugging the swollen root of his cock. Her jack-off rhythm coincided with her sucking, as her lips dragged wetly around the shaft beneath the knob. Finally Bridget  pushed her free hand between his hairy thighs. Finding his swollen ball bag, she fondled it tenderly, squeezing and milking the twin globes it  contained.

"Start swallowing, Bridget!" Cal gasped. "Here it comes!" His cock trembled to total stiffness in her mouth, stretching  her lips even further. Then the big load of jism started spraying out of his nuts. The first spurt splattered on the roof of Bridget's mouth and she did gag a little this time as it quickly rushed down her throat. But she quickly recovered and began to suck her  father's cock even more wildly as the sappy ribbons of spunk erupted from his balls, filling her belly with the cock juice she needed. Slowly Cal thrust his ass off the toilet seat, as his daughter's skilled lips and tongue and hand milked the last burning drops of cum  from his aching cock. "Oh, honey! That was a Triple A blow-job you just gave me! You really outdid yourself tonight!" Giggling around the cock in her mouth, Bridget continued to  lick and suck and kiss his cock until it started to soften between her lips. Then she let it pop out and looked up at her father with shamelessly  lust-filled eyes.

"Let's go to bed early, Daddy! Then you can get up and give  me a good fucking in the morning!"

Cal smiled. 

CHAPTER THREE

"Permanently grounded!" Tammy's older brother Johnny  laughed and shook his head.. "Jesus, you really must have done something awful to get the old man that pissed off at you." "I guess," Tammy murmured sullenly. "Now what's the answer to question seventeen?" It was late in the afternoon, and they were in Johnny's room, seated on his bed with a history textbook open between them. For an  increase in his allowance, Johnny had agreed to help his sister with her  homework. That morning Steve had told Tammy that she had to get her grades up if she ever wanted to go out on a date again.

"Caligula," Johnny said. "The Emperor Caligula. Jeez, you  really aren't paying attention today, are you? You better go back and look that up." Tammy sighed and flipped through the pages in search of the section about Caligula. It was a very hot day, and the sweat had molded  her t-shirt to the lush curves of her big tits. But that wasn't the main reason she had trouble concentrating. Tammy's pussy would still have been wet and burning if it  had been the coldest day of the year. The interrupted session at the drive-in the night before had started a fire in her cunt, a fire that only a  stiff, thrusting cock could put out. No amount of finger-fucking helped. Tammy was too horny to study. She was dying to sneak out and find  one of her boyfriends to give her the good, hard fucking she needed.

"Did you find it?" All Johnny had on were a pair of gym  shorts, and Tammy could see the sweat dripping clown his lean, tanned body. "Yeah." Tammy wrinkled her nose as she studied the section on the ancient Roman emperor. "Christ, this guy was pretty weird." "You should talk!" Johnny laughed. "Shit, you're the weird one. Dad's always hot on your ass for one thing or another." He paused  to look at her curiously. "Hey, what were you doing last night anyhow?" "Usual bullshit," Tammy grumbled.

"Drinking and making out. That's all."

"Well, that shouldn't be enough to make the cops come. I . . .  well, I never did the stuff you do, but when I was your age we used to get loaded at the drive-in lots of times." Tammy looked at her brother in amusement. Johnny liked to give the impression of being worldly, but he was already pulling straight  A's in college and he'd never gotten in much trouble in high school. He was a real handsome guy, and Tammy knew he had his share of  girlfriends, but it was hard for her to imagine him even getting fucked. "Well, drinking isn't all we were doing," Tammy giggled.

"Yeah?" Johnny was obviously curious. "Well, what did make  the police come?"

"Monroe and Phyllis." Tammy smiled sweetly. "They were  making the car bounce up and down on the ramp a little too much."

"Monroe and Phyllis? Well, how were they doing that?" "How do you think, Big Brother?"

Johnny gasped. "You mean they were . . they were fucking?  With the rest of you in the car and everything?"

Tammy had to laugh at her. brother's innocence. "Phyllis  really needed it. Monroe, he's more straight, he wanted to go to a motel, but she was pullin' on his cock and spreading her legs and all that, so  old Monroe just climbed aboard." Tammy wiped the sweat from her forehead, flashing the same smile. "I made room for him. They started fucking slow at first, but I guess Phyllis must be real juicy 'cause then Monroe started  pounding the holy fuck out of her. And we were drunk and everything. I started laughing 'cause of the way the car was bouncing. It was like  being on a roller coaster. I didn't even think about the cops."

"Jesus!" Settling back on the bed, Johnny pushed the history  textbook absent-mindedly to the floor and slowly shook his head. "Monroe and Phyllis, right in the car. She looks so sweet. His crotch was now exposed, and Tammy looked at it  automatically, as she did at all crotches. Then the horny teen saw that her story had affected her brother more ways than one. He had a big hard-on! Johnny wasn't wearing a jock strap, and the big tube of cock meat was practically sticking out of the leg  opening of his gym shorts. Immediately Tammy felt her cunt beginning to itch and burn. She'd never been turned on to her big brother before,  but that was changing rapidly. His prick looked awfully big!

"Shit, Johnny," she said softly. "I didn't know you wanted to  fuck Phyllis."

"Phyllis?" Johnny looked surprised. "Who said I did?" "Then why do you have that big hard-on sticking out of your shorts?"Johnny flushed and looked defensive. "Well, I guess I don't hear stories like that every day." "I'll bet you don't." Tammy squirmed closer to her brother, until their bare thighs touched, smiling at him shamelessly. "Hey,  Johnny. Do you ever think about fucking me?"

Johnny's jaw sagged open in surprise as his sister wantonly  dropped her hand into his lap, lewdly gripping his throbbing cock. Then he tried to retrieve the history book. "Uh, I think we better go back to our studying." "Cut it out, Johnny. You know you can't study with a big hard-on like this." Brazenly Tammy thrust her hand under the waist band of his shorts, pushing her fingers through his cock fur and gripping the turgid  root of his naked prick.. "Goddamn, Johnny," she whispered huskily. "You've really got a big one." Johnny laughed at his sister's lust and shook his head. "Tammy, you better cut that out. You're going to make me lose control of  myself."

"Fuck, you're already out of control, Johnny." Tammy  pumped her hand up and down his meaty shaft, marveling at his size, jacking him off as best as she could with his shorts in the way. "I know  what it feels like for a guy to have a hard-on like this. You need to shoot  a big wad before you'll be able to think about studying again."

"Tammy, I can't fuck you," Johnny said seriously. "No way  am I going to make it with my own sister."

"Well, you don't mind if I at least look at it, do you?" Not waiting for an answer, Tammy pulled down his shorts with one hand and used the other to haul out his throbbing cock. "Oh fuck, Johnny!" she gasped. "You've really got a whopper!" The veined shaft of cock meat stood stiffly out of his ball bag,  swollen and twitching with blood. Tammy had fucked a lot of guys, but not many of them had had a prick this big. It was long and fat and thick,  and there was already sticky pre-cum seeping all over the bulbous rosy knob. "Oh fuck, Johnny!"

Johnny just grinned and shook his head as his sister pulled  his shorts all the way off, leaving him naked. Then he groaned as she dropped her head to his groin, resting her cheek on his muscled  stomach as she took his spongy cock head between her lips.

"Christ, now my own sister's giving me a blow-job!" he  muttered. "What a horny slut."

Tammy ignored him, she didn't care what Johnny called her as long as  he let her go down on him. Her pussy creamed lusciously as she  savored the taste and aroma of his cock flesh and felt the hot stiffness of his cock shaft stretchingher lips as she took his prick knob down her throat.

Tammy made an obscene gurgling sound as she stuffed his  cock knob down her buttery throat, nearly choking as it pushed past her tonsils. But she fought back the gagging reflex and feverishly started  sucking her brother's prick. All day she'd been starving for the cock in her mouth she hadn't had last night. Lewd slurping, smacking sounds filled the bedroom as Tammy wantonly sucked, swirling her tongue around the oozing crown  of her brother's hard-on. Her lips formed a tight circle around the center  of his prick shaft. Tammy started puckering and bellowing, her cheeks, increasing the suctioning pressure around his cock meat. "Unh!" Johnny's face clouded dazily with desire. He leaned back on the bed and looked at his sister, seeing the way her full, ripe lips  were wrapped around his cock. "Jeez, Sis," he said softly. "You're an awfully good cocksucker. Where'd you learn to give a blow-job like  that?"

Tammy didn't answer, she was much too busy with the stiff  cock clogging her throat. Her hand slid down, enveloping the throbbing base of his prick. She started to beat his meat hard and fast, milking and  tugging the bloated prick between her lips.

Johnny's cock grew in her mouth, responding to the skillful  ministrations of her lips and tongue and hands. "Oh fuck, Sis!" He  started to jerk his ass off the bed, fucking his prick down her throat. "Harder! Suck hard! Oh fuck, you're gonna make it shoot!" His cock was incredibly stiff now, and the spunk was oozing profusely from his dilated piss slit. Tammy knew he was about to blow a  big wad, and that was the part she enjoyed most. Nothing was better than hungrily slurping down the salty spurts of a man's cum! Her cheeks reddened as she sucked his cock harder than ever, closing her eyes as she thought of nothing but the hard cock deep  inside her mouth. Tammy pushed her free hand between her brother's  thighs, finding his ball bag, wrinkled and hairy and bloated with cock cream. Tammy started fondling it with one hand while her other hand  raced up and down the turgid stalk of his prick.

"I'm making it, Tammy!" Johnny suddenly thrust his hand  behind her head, curling his fingers in her straight brown hair. "Suck on it! Suck my prick! I'm popping my rocks! Oh, fuck it ... ahhhhhh!" His cock started to jerk and throb obscenely in her mouth and Tammy sucked it as hard as she could. Then the big prick started  cumming!

Geysers of cock juice sprayed from the tip of his prick,  splattering on the roof of her mouth and shooting down her throat. Tammy nearly came in her pants as she tasted the milky, musky taste of  her brother's jizz. It was hot and gooey, and she eagerly swallowed it all down, jacking his cock frantically as she worked the hungry muscles of her throat. Johnny kept rocking his ass, fucking his squirting cock between her lips until the last drops had burned out of the head. But his  sister kept on sucking furiously, as if expecting another big load of cum. Johnny had to push her harshly off of his prick. "Okay, that's enough! Jesus!"

Tammy licked the spunk from her lips and looked at her brother. He  looked a little guilty now that she'd drained his wad, and also a littie  angry, as if he blamed her for his succumbing to the temptations of incest. "Okay, you did it to me!" Johnny started to pull up his shorts. "You gave me a blow-job, and that's fine, but like, that's the last time we  better do anything like that. It's incest, and if dad ever catches us, Christ..," "No, Johnny, it's not the last time." Suddenly Tammy's expression became pleading. "Johnny, my pussy really hurts. It's really  burning! I need to get fucked so bad."

"Well, I'm not going to do it to you! I can't fuck my own sister!  Shit, you're crazy! Forget it!" Forgetting the shorts for the moment, Johnny reached down and retrieved the history book. "Now, let's just  pretend this didn't happen and get back to studying. You can't flunk out  of school."

"Johnny, I'm too horny to study now. I guess I'll just have to  finger-fuck myself so I can concentrate. You don't mind if I do that, do you?" Tammy pouted.

Johnny tried to shrug, but there was the same curiosity in his  eyes that Tammy had seen earlier. She knew he hadn't seen her naked in many years. "Oh, shit, what's the difference?" he murmured. "Go ahead."

Johnny's shorts were still bunched around his ankles, and  Tammy kept her eye on his cock. Completely wet with her saliva, it lay half-swollen on his thigh. Let's just see if seeing me naked can make it  stiff again, Tammy thought, and pulled up her shirt. Johnny was pretending to look at the history book, but Tammy knew he was watching her. Slowly she peeled off the t-shirt,  leaving her naked from the waist up except for her lacy white, D-cup bra. Her belly was slim and tight and her huge tits protruded obscenely  through the bra cups.

"Since when do you have to take off your shirt to  finger-fuck?"

"Well, it's hot in here, Johnny. Just like you said." Giggling, Tammy reached behind her back and undid the clasps of her bra. The undergarment fluttered to the floor, and Tammy  arched her slim back to proudly display her huge tits.

Johnny gasped in spite of himself. The spongy, milk-white  melons stood out firmly, jiggling slightly with every breath she took. Her  nipples were the size of silver dollars, dark-red and with very fat tips. They were stiffnow and Tammy brushed her fingers across them casually.

"Do you like my tits, Johnny? Aren't they nice and big?" Johnny wiped the sweat from his forehead and nodded. "I gotta admit." Tammy stood before him, letting him admire her magnificently shaped, bare legs. Then she pulled off her shorts. She wore no panties,  and Johnny groaned as her very hairy pussy bush came into view. Tammy turned so he could see her rounded ass cheeks as she stripped. "Now, since you won't fuck me..." The words trailed off as  Tammy spread her feet on the floor, facing her brother with her curly haired cunt mound mere inches from his face. "I guess I'll have to take  care of myself."

Tammy pushed her fingers through her pussy triangle,  shuddering as she sank one deep inside her cunt. Her pussy slit was hot and drippy and Tammy knew her brother could smell her creaming  cunt as she started to jack off in front of him, shamelessly pumping her fingers in and out of her furry pussy slit. Johnny wasn't even pretending to look at the history book any more. His eyes were glazed as he looked at his sister, watching the  finger stabbing in and out of her cunt. Her pussy was so wet that it made little clicking, squishing sounds as the pouting folds clung to the  pumping finger. His cock was starting to get stiff again, throbbing up  from his thigh.

"Oh, Johnny, it feels so good!" Tammy felt her big tits jiggling as she worked on herself. "My pussy's so hot! Ummm, my finger feels so  good in there!"

Johnny seemed to be unconscious of the way he was now  leaning forward, his eyes riveted on her cunt. His cock was now as hard as stone, pulsating stiffly.. "Johnny, won't you suck it for me?" Tammy cried suddenly. "Please? That won't hurt anything. I did it for you! Oh, Johnny, please!  Suck my cunt!" Johnny stared at his sister's seeping pussy, as if fighting a war between his conscience and his desire. Then he moaned loudly and  pushed his head forward, rubbing his face all over the matted curls of his sister's juicy cunt. "Yes, Johnny!" Tammy automatically put her hand behind his head, curling her fingers in his hair. "Unh! That feels so good! Suck it for  me!"

Johnny slid his hands up his sister's naked thighs, digging  his fingers into the succulently rounded cheeks of her ass. Tammy spread her feet on the floor and pushed her cunt hole onto his lips.  Thrusting out his tongue, Johnny pushed it deep inside her hairy pussy slit. Then he noisily began to lick out the musky juices drooling from the  depths of her cunt. "Nnnnnngggg!" Tammy hissed. She used her other hand to peel open her pussy lips, completely exposing her clit to her brother's  tongue. "Lick me there, Johnny! I need my 
clitty licked so I can cream!"

Johnny groaned as his big hands massaged and kneaded  her peach-shaped ass, rolling the cheeks, making her hairless asshole throb and pucker in and out. His tongue rooted in her juicy cunt  swath-like a starving kitten lapping up milk. He stuck his tongue deep inside her pussy hole, then licked noisily away within inches of her  throbbing clit.

Tammy grimaced as her cunt spasmed slightly, the flowering  lips throbbing on his mouth. "Lick my clit, Big Brother!" She pulled his  hair and shoved her cunt on his mouth. "Lick it, lick it good!"

Johnny pressed his tongue flat on her swollen clit. He licked it  avidly, lapping away at the whole top portion of her juicing cunt. Then he stiffened his tongue so that only the tip tickled her tingling clit, moving  the glistening bud from side to side.

"Awwwwwww!" Hornily Tammy rolled and rocked her hips,  moving her pussy so that her brother's tongue would hit a different part of her clit with every stroke. "You're such a good cunt-sucker, Johnny!  Do you like the way my pussy tastes?"

Johnny groaned and nodded his head. Then he centered his  tongue on her clit and licked it hard and fast. His hand pulled away from her ass cheeks as she humped more and more wildly. Extending his  fingers, Johnny speared two slowly up her clinging, oozing cunt. Tammy's moan was prolonged as she felt his fingers invading her cunt tunnel. The sensations of being finger-fucked merged exquisitely with the tongue on her throbbing clit. "Unh! Unh! Gonna cum, Johnny!" Now she was humping her ass like a bitch in heat, fucking her aching pussy hole all over his face.  "Lick it, lick my fucking clit! It's throbbing, Johnny, throbbing on your tongue! Unggghhh! Awww, suck my pussy, Big Brother! I'm cumming!  I'm cummmiinnggg!"

This time her pussy spasmed violently, the pouting cunt hole  contracting as if to suck around a thrusting prick. Johnny felt it  squeezing on his fingers, the clit bud twitching as he continued to titillate it with his expert tongue. Then the fuck juice oozed out, turning her hairy cunt into a glistening pool of lust. Tammy pulled back slightly, unable to stand any  more direct stimulation of her clit. Johnny dipped his tongue back into her throbbing pussy hole and lapped up all the juice, not letting her step  back again until he'd cleaned up every drop.

"Okay, Johnny," Tammy panted. "Now you're gonna get  fucked!"

Her cunt was throbbing violently, desperate to feel the  stabbing of the long, fat hard-on she so desperately required. Tammy stared down at her brother's rock-hard cock, seeing the fresh cock juice  oozing out of the tip. She was too horny to care about his objections. She wasn't going to let him push heraround. Tammy knew when she needed to get fucked.

Johnny just looked up at her dazedly as she flung herself on  top of him, her huge tits jiggling as she wrestled him onto his back on the bed. Hurriedly Tammy positioned herself on top of him, straddling  his hips with her knees planted on the mattress to either side of his waist. "No, Sis," Johnny pleaded softly. "No."

"You're going to fuck my ass off, Johnny!" Holding him down  with one hand, Tammy reached between her thighs and lewdly grasped  the upthrust length of his hard-on. Hurriedly she brought the tip to her cunt, grunting as she impaled the knob securely in her slit. Then she  held both of his arms down, gasping as she dropped her ass, feeling the meaty inches of his huge prick boring up her cunt. "It's going into me, Johnny! You're fucking your sister! Ahhhh, it feels so gooood!" With her hands locked around his wrists, Johnny lifted his head and watched his cock shaft boring into the enveloping tube of her  pussy.. Then he stopped struggling entirely, groaning as his prick was encased by the buttery sucking wetness of her cunt. "Oh fuck, Sis! You've got the tightest pussy I've ever fucked!"

"Unh! Fuck me, Johnny! Fuck me!" Tammy twisted her lithe  hips, her tits and ass cheeks jiggling as she stuffed her pussy with every inch of his straining cock. "Fuck your sister! Fuck, fuck."

Johnny was now as obviously aroused as she was, and she  stopped trying to hold his arms down. Instead she gripped his shoulders for support as she started humping, making the mattress  creak, pounding her drippy, sucking pussy up and down on his cock.

"Fuck me, Johnny! Fuck my cunt!" Johnny just lay there and watched her for a moment, seeing her hairy cunt slit riding his cock shaft, feeling the exquisite pleasure of  her cunt muscles around his prick. Then he started bucking to meet her  strokes. Within seconds they were fucking in rhythmic unison, their bellies slapping together as they brought each other off. "Oh, Tammy!" The loud voice came from the bottom of the stairs. "Are you up there? Come down here and help me with these dirty  dishes you left in the sink!"

"Oh, fuck," Tammy groaned. "Mom!" Brother and sister looked at each other for a moment, wondering if there was any way to continue their fuck-session. Then  Tammy groaned and disengaged herself, reaching for her clothes and miserably watching her brother's stone-hard cock throb enticingly over  his stomach.

"When are you going to finish me?" Johnny moaned  hoarsely. "Jesus, you can't leave me like this!" "Tonight! We'll fuck tonight!"

"No we can't fuck tonight!" Johnny protested. "Jesus, not with everybody awake downstairs!" "Tammy!" It was her mother again. "Stop dawdling up there! What on earth are you doing?" "Tomorrow!" Tammy whispered as she left the room. "Wake me up early in the morning, okay?" Johnny nodded quickly.

Adjusting her clothes as she walked downstairs, Tammy  wined as she felt the heat burning through her pussy. Well, I've finally  done it, she thought wantonly, I've fucked my own brother!

And she could barely wait for the morning to come.


CHAPTER FOUR

Tammy was red-eyed when she awoke at the crack of dawn  the next morning. She hadn't slept very well, having been tortured by one frustrating wet-dream after another. Rolling onto her side under the  covers, she realized that the sheets beneath her were soaked with the juice that had oozed out of her cunt. "Oh fuck," the girl whispered.

She lay motionless for a moment, hearing the birds chirping  in the big trees outside and seeing the pale grey twilight filter through  the shades. Then she spread her legs and shamelessly started to finger-fuck herself, thinking of her big brother's big prick. At that moment the door cracked open, and Johnny peered into her room.

"Sis!" he hissed. "Are you awake?" Tammy responded by crawling naked out of bed, crossing the room and flinging her arms tightly around his shoulders. She gave  him a long, tongue-sucking kiss, at the same time grinding her big-titted body onto his and dry humping her pussy onto his crotch. "I can't fuck you here!" Johnny moaned. All he had on were his pajama bottoms, and his cock was protruding through them  obscenely. "We'll make too much noise!" Tammy frantically scanned her mind for a safe place to fuck her brother. Briefly she thought of the basement and laundry room, but  they were too close to their parents' bedroom and the proximity of the rooms might awaken Steve and Lana with some pretty suspicious  noises.

"Outside," Tammy said suddenly. "Fuck me outside! In the  bushes next to the cottage! I know a place!"

Johnny looked at his, sister for a moment, then nodded  quickly. Hurriedly Tammy threw on a nightgown and followed him as he tip-toed down the stairs. It was already warm outside and Tammy found only a little dew on the grass when she stepped out the back door. She waited for  Johnny to close it behind her; then together they walked silently away  from the house.

"Follow me," Tammy whispered. They could both see Cal's and Bridget's cottage through the bushes as they skirted around it, going into the woods perhaps a hundred and fifty feet away. Then Tammy stopped at a thick  row of bushes between the trees.

"In here!" She pushed aside the dense brush and Johnny followed her in, cursing when he stepped on a rock. Then he saw what his sister had  meant. The bushes formed a circle around a small section of thick, smooth grass. There wasn't a lot of room, but there was enough space  to fuck in, and the chances of their being discovered were very small. Once inside the bushes, Tammy turned and gave her brother a long, smoldering kiss. Then she pulled off her nightgown, leaving  herself naked. It was just cool enough to make her nipples stiffen, the fat areolas crinkling into taut, rubbery tips. "I want you to ram it up my pussy now, Johnny!" Tammy got on her hands and knees on the grass, spreading her knees and lifting  her ass for the invasion of his cock. Impatiently she looked at him over her shoulder. "Please, Johnny, don't make me wait! My cunt's already so wet, it's burning! I need to get fucked so bad!" Johnny dropped his pajama bottoms, his massive prick throbbing out like a shaft of iron. He knelt on the grass between his  sister's legs, staring at the hairy mouth of her pussy and the winking  ring of her asshole. Lifting his cock, he fit the crown into her tight cunt.

"Push it in me, Johnny!" Tammy started humping with only the tip of his cock inside her. "Fuck my pussy, fuck my hot cunt!" Johnny slid his hands up his sister's full, firm thighs, digging his fingers into the rounded, flaring cheeks of her ass. Then he pushed  the cock meat into her. Her cunt was very tight, but it was so juicy that his prick speared into her pussy like a knife going through butter.  Johnny pushed all of his cock into her with the first thrust.

"Unnnggghhh!" Tammy dropped her shoulders, resting her  cheek submissively on the grass and Whining as her pussy was stuffed  suddenly by all of his cock. "Oh, Johnny, what a big fucking prick you've got! You've got one of the biggest cocks I've ever fucked!" Johnny kept his hard-on all the way inside her, feeling it twitch and throb, pulsating madly in the enveloping wetness of her  pussy. Slowly he pulled his cock out of her, looking down. He saw the hairy pink mouth sucking needfully around his prick. "Push it back in, Johnny! I need your big fucking cock!"

Johnny pushed his cock home again, moaning as the juicy  pussy tunnel again sucked around his cock. Then he started a steady, cunt-battering rhythm, pistoning his long, swollen hard-on through the  slippery tunnel, of her cunt.

"Awl Oh, Johnny! You're a good fuck, Johnny! Fuck my  pussy! Fuck the shit out of me!"

Again Johnny held his prick deep inside his sister's hairy  cunt, feeling her pussy tube throb violently around the meaty thickness of the shaft. His hands slid from her ass cheeks, gripping her waist. He  started to fuck up into her pussy, banging his cock head on her pussy wall with every thrust. "Unggghhhh!" Tammy winced and clawed the grass, shuddering as her cunt throbbed around the pistoning cock. "It feels so  big in me that way, Johnny! Fuck me deep, fuck me haaard!" Johnny fucked his sister like a machine, drawing his cock out until only the rosy knob parted her clinging cunt, then spearing it back in  all the way with every thrust. Tammy moaned and humped her ass up to meet every stroke. Her brother was a good fucker, she quickly realized. He wasn't nearly as inexperienced as she'd thought. Now her pussy was  starting to burn, as it always did before an extremely hard cum. She could feel the contractions starting to rack her belly, coursing through  her loins, making her cunt tunnel suction and spasm around his racing cock. "You're gonna make me cum, Big Brother!" she cried warningly. "I'm gonna cum all over your big fucking dick!" Her huge tits swung pendulously as he sawed the meat into  her, the stiff cherry nipples brushing the blades of grass. Tammy felt her asshole throbbing now, puckering lewdly as her cunt muscles contracted uncontrollably around his huge, hammering prick. "I'm . . . I'm cumming, Johnny!" Suddenly she shook all over, barely able to stand the pleasure. Her clit was swollen, chafed  exquisitely by his stroking cock. "Fuck me! Unnggghhh! Fuck me harder! My pussy's creaming! It's gonna cum!" Then the throbbing contractions started in her belly. Tammy gasped and humped her ass as hard as she could, her ass cheeks  slapping her brother's thighs as she pounded her pussy onto his cock. "Fuck me, Johnny! Fuck my cunt! Fuck it, fuck my brains out! Unnggghhh! I'm cumming, cuuummmiiinnggg!" Her pussy exploded, squishing wetly as the velvety walls sucked madly around her brother's cock. Tammy dug up the grass in a  frenzy of lust, banging her knees on the soft earth. Again and again her pussy exploded, milking down hard around her brother's cock. Then she couldn't take anymore, and fell flat on her belly on the grass. Tammy was surprised when her brother pulled his cock out of  her. She hadn't felt the jism splattering inside her hot cunt.

"What's the matter, Johnny? Why didn't you pop your  rocks?"

Johnny blushed a little sheepishly, lightly stroking his  stone-hard cock. "I... well, I jacked off four times last night," he  confessed.

"Thinking about your cunt."

Tammy giggled, then sighed as she suddenly re-awakened to  the lewdest fuck-need she had ever had. Squirming flat on her belly on the thick grass, she reached behind her and spread her ass cheeks,  making her brother look at the pink ring of her puckered asshole.

"Well, I better give you another hole to think about, Big  Brother," she purred shamelessly. "See my asshole, Johnny? See the way it's throbbing? That means your sister wants to get fucked up the  ass!" Johnny hesitated, staring at her small ass ring. He'd never found a girl who'd let him fuck her asshole before. He didn't know where  to begin. But his cock grew even stiffer as he watched her asshole throbbing, and he knew how badly he wanted to bury his prick between  the quivering, milk-white cheeks.

"Go ahead, Johnny!" Eagerly Tammy spread her ass cheeks  wider, sensing his reluctance. "I'll show you how! Just ease it in nice and slow! But hurry, Johnny! Your sister needs her asshole fucked  now!"

Holding the root of his hard-on in his fist, Johnny fit the  bulbous knob onto her ass ring. Tammy grunted as she felt it pushing into her asshole, stretching the rubbery shit ring wide. Then her brother  was fucking her ass, pushing inch after inch of his stone-hard cock into  the exquisite tightness of her ass.

At that moment, Cal stepped out of the cottage for a little morning stroll. He'd spent the whole night fucking his daughter's sweet  pussy, first ramming his cock up Bridget's cunt after dinner at 6:30, and continuing to fuck and stick her until he'd worn her out a littie after ten  p.m.

Bridget was exhausted, and he didn't expect her to get up  until seven, when he'd awaken her by easing his stiff prick up her cunt. Sex was one of his most treasured pleasures. The more he had it, the  younger he felt. Cal felt like he could have walked ten miles before his  daughter got up.

He stretched in front of the door, squinting at the sun that was  beginning to stream through the big trees around his cottage and the big house in which his brother's family lived. Nice living out in the  country, Cal thought, and began his walk, heading towards the woods.

He hadn't gone more than a few steps when he heard the  noises.

Cal never dreamed that his niece and nephew would be  fucking, or that anyone would be getting it on near his house! He recognized the groans and grunts immediately, but he couldn't believe  what they were. Stepping softly across the grass, he went to investigate. Then he discovered the noises were coming from a thick growth of  bushes between two large trees. "Fuck me," a girlish voice groaned. "I'm so horny! Fuck me up the ass!"

"Jesus," Cal whispered, feeling his cock swelling as he  realized what was going on. Walking with deliberate softness, he approached the bushes and peered over the edge. And there, lo and behold, were his niece and nephew! Cal's eyes bulged as he watched a naked Tammy writhing on the grass,  pumping up her bare ass cheeks for more of her brother's cock. Johnny was fucking her ass, Cal realized dazedly. His eyes moved over  Tammy's lush body. He'd never known she was so mouth-wateringly  stacked!

"Fuck me, Johnny!" Tammy squealed. Cal could see his nephew's cock shaft boring in and out between her cheeks. "Fuck me, fuck my butt!"

Cal just stood there, rooted to the spot. He pushed his hand  into his pants pocket and started to squeeze his cock, realizing how stiff it was. Suddenly he realized how badly he wanted to fuck his niece too.


"Fuck my asshole, Johnny!" Tammy cried, her voice rising  with excitement. "Oh fuck, gonna cum again! Gonna cum all over your big cock in my ass!" At first he'd almost hurt her by pushing his cock into her tight,  sensitive shit tunnel too quickly. But now it was all the way inside her ass, and he was fucking her as if he'd been do-ing it all his life.

Tammy squealed as she clawed the grass, hotly humping her  hips to meet his strokes. Her asshole was burning, sucking and clenching around his huge prick. She could feel it pleasuring her pussy  at the same time, pressing onto her cunt through the thin membrane separating her fuck-holes. "Harder! Fuck my ass off!"

Suddenly Tammy pushed her hand under her belly; groping  through her pussy curls for the drippy opening of her hairy cunt slit. She  started to jack herself off, as her brother fucked her asshole, rolling her clit wildly under her thumb. "Gonna cum, Johnny! Fuck my asshole! Fuck it as hard as you can!" Johnny had been humping gently so he wouldn't hurt his sister, but now he stopped trying to hold back; Her asshole was so tight  and hot, a rubbery shit tunnel sucking uncontrollably around his stiff prick. Rearing up his tips, he started to ream out her tender asshole as hard as he could. In and out his big prick slammed, fucking her butt  deeper with every thrust. Tammy whined and rocked her rounded ass cheeks to meet the spearing thrusts. "Gumming, Johnny! My asshole's cumming! Fuck it! Fuck it  with your big hard-on! Unhhhh! It's throbbing, Johnny! I'm cumiiiinnnnggg!" "Aww! Sis!"


Her asshole spasmed obscenely as she came, sucking every inch of his stabbing prick. Johnny collapsed on top of her, his hairy ball  bag slapping her pussy crack as he rammed all of his cock into her ass tunnel. Then his prick exploded! Geysers of cum squirted into her burning asshole, deluging the narrow tunnel with an extra-heavy load of  spunk. Moaning, Johnny humped lightly, draining his wad into her burning asshole. Again and again the sticky geysers of cock sap rushed  up from his balls, splattering deep inside her churning ass guts. Tammy  whimpered as she felt the juice fill her asshole completely, bubbling out of the puckering ring around his spurting prick. At that moment they were joined by their uncle, who fell on the grass beside their naked, heaving bodies!


Cal hadn't intended to surprise them, or even to let them  know he'd seen them assfucking. There was no point in it, particularly considering the joy he took in his own daughter's pussy. He'd let them  fuck if they'd let him fuck; it was best to leave well enough alone.

Unfortunately, while transfixed by the sight of Johnny  shooting his jism into Tammy's asshole, a cat skittered past by Cal's foot. Surprised, he stepped forward, only to lose hisbalance and land on his stomach beside his humping nephew and niece. Tammy shrieked, and Johnny groaned, staring at him wide-eyed. Cal knew that once he'd caught them, he had no choice but  to play the role of the stern, moral uncle.

"Oh, Jesus!" Tammy squealed. "Uncle Cal!" Johnny groaned and pulled his fuck-wilted cock out of his sister's asshole, shamefully sitting up and covering his crotch with his  hands. Cal rose quickly to his feet, thankful that his hard-on had wilted  just enough so that it wouldn't stick out of his pants obscenely.

"Well, well," he said softly, voicing the first words he could  think of. "This is one hell of a way to spend an early morning, isn't it?"

"What're you going to do to us?" Tammy asked softly. She  made no attempt to cover up her nakedness, instead only looked up at her uncle shamelessly. "I don't know," Cal said softly. "I don't . . . you two better get your clothes on and get out of here right now. There's no way I ever  want to catch you out here going at each other again."

Tammy and Johnny quickly began to pull on their night  clothes. "Are you going to tell mom?" Johnny asked worriedly.

"I . . . I don't know," Cal said. "I don't know what I'll do. I'm not  going to say anything right away. Just get out of here and don't let me  catch you again. I hope you know what most people would think of what you were doing."

"We know," Tammy said sassily. Cal looked at her, studying the lush curves of her perfect, big-titted body as she crawled into her gown. He spoke automatically. "Tammy, I think you better come out to the cottage this afternoon to have a little talk with me." Tammy and Johnny nodded, apparently not questioning Cal's motives for wanting to speak with one offender while neglecting the  other. Cal watched the teenagers walk silently back to the house. Then he headed back to his cottage, his cock throbbing violently in his pants. Bridget was going to have to awaken a little earlier  than expected. He needed to shoot a big wad in a tight pussy immediately.

CHAPTER FIVE

Dirty old fucker! Tammy thought furiously. Goddamn Uncle  Cal! Dirty old fucking Peeping Tom!

Tammy cursed under her breath as she dressed in her  bedroom at one that afternoon, wiggling into a tight pair of designer jeans. She knew it was time to go out to her uncle's cottage for the  lecture he'd suggested, and she wasn't looking forward to it. Just thinking about it made her mad. Back inside that morning, Johnny had refused even to touch  her, or to promise to fuck her again when they had a chance. He was scared to death of what Uncle Cal might say, and Tammy knew she had  to act like a good girl when she met him. If he mentioned the fuck-session to her father, she could kiss her four-wheeled birthday present good bye. Like a good girl! Jesus Christ!

Tammy hated the whole good girl routine. She hated having  to kiss ass to anyone, particularly a relative, even though she knew that it was her wild streak that always got her in so much trouble. And it started to assert itself now, as she studied her reflection in the mirror. A slow smile curled the teenaged vixen's lips.  Tammy pulled off the jeans and opened her bureau drawer for a change  of clothes.

A minute later she was looking at another reflection entirely. The cut-offs were the shortest she owned, riding up her thighs so high that a mouthwatering expanse of bare, curvy ass cheek  was completely visible. Tammy giggled and shrugged her shoulders, making her tits bounce. The t-shirt was skin-tight and a little too short, so she could see her navel. She wasn't wearing a bra. Her tits were too big go braless  in even the hottest weather, but that wasn't going to stop her now. The massive melons thrust obscenely through the stretched, sheer cotton,  the shape of her fat, rosy nipples completely visible.

Tammy smirked with satisfaction as she stomped out of her  room, hurrying down the stairs to the back door. If Uncle Cal wanted to  give her a lecture, he was going to have a hard time keeping his eyes on her face!

She stepped out of the house and walked bare foot across  the grass, feeling her huge tits swing and jump under the shirt as she approached the cottage. The tight cut-offs were creating a hot itch in her  cunt and Tammy found herself wondering about the size of her uncle's cock. "Yes?" Cal said, when she knocked on his door.

"It's me," Tammy said sullenly. "You wanted me to come over,  remember?" Cal opened the door, dressed in an open shirt and a pair of loose shorts. The first thing he looked at was her luscious tits. His jaw  sagged open as he moved his eyes down her slim waist, ogling the sleek expanse of her bare legs. Tammy smiled as she saw the surprise and awe in his eyes. Having a good body had some definite advantages, particularly when  dealing with men.

"I said you wanted to talk to me. Remember?" "Oh . . . oh yes, of course," Uncle Cal held open the door, gesturing her inside. "This is a good time. Bridget won't be home for a while."

There was no real living room in the two room cottage. The  front room, which was Bridget's bedroom, had a couple of easy chairs  facing each other. Tammy sat in one, and coolly watched her uncle take the other. She was happy to see he was having a hard timekeeping his eyes off of her tits.

"All right, Tammy. We might as well not beat around the bush.  How long have you been . . . copulating with your brother?"

"Why is that any of your business?" "Now don't sass me, young lady," Cal said, his voice rising. "I hope you know what my brother would do to you if I decided not to be  so kind-hearted about keeping this little secret!"

"Okay, okay. He just fucked me for the first time yesterday." "Tammy, are you aware of what a serious thing it is to have  sexual intercourse with your own brother?"

Tammy shrugged. "What the fuck difference does it make?" "Tammy. . ." Cal paused, speaking very patient and fatherly. "Your dad has told me all about you, many, many times. He's had a lot of  trouble with you, I know.

Fucking lecture, Tammy thought. "Maybe I can succeed where he has failed. Could you please tell me why you have to carry on the way you do?" "Sure I can, Uncle Cal. I like to fuck!"

"Tammy, please don't talk like that-" "Don't tell me how to talk! I like to fuck! And guys love to put it in me! Everybody gets horny! What do you expect me to do now that I'm  grounded? I can't go without getting laid!" "Tammy, I don't care how desperate you are, you can't go around having sex with your brother! It's sinful."

"It's sinful, huh? You mean it's sinful for him to get turned  onto me."

"That's exactly what I mean, Tammy." "Okay. Then why, do you have that big hard-on sticking out of your pants?" Cal gasped and glanced down at his crotch. A knowing, triumphant smile spread across the big titted teenager's face as she saw  his expression. His cock was as hard as iron, throbbing and pulsing  obscenely through his shorts. There was no way he could deny the extreme stiffness of his prick. "Well, Tammy, uh . . ." Cal paused, suddenly flustered. "The, uh, erection of the male organ doesn't necessarily depend on the  circumstances. Sometimes a man will get an, uh, an erection for no apparent reason . ." "Why don't you cut the bullshit, Uncle Cal?" Tammy interrupted. "You been staring at my tits ever since I walked in here, and  you know it."

Tammy rose Victoriously to her feet, standing in front of his  chair. Cal just looked up at her dazedly. She had the upper hand now and she enjoyed turning the tables on him after the lecture. "What would daddy say if he knew you got a big hard-on from  looking at my titties, Uncle Cal?" Lewdly Tammy massaged her big tits through the shirt, fanning her thumbs across the nipples until they stuck  out like little erasers. "Shit, you've got a teenaged daughter too! You ought to be ashamed of yourself for wanting to fuck me." "Tammy... Tammy, you're taking advantage of me," Cal sputtered miserably. "Please, let's not talk like this." "Okay, Uncle Cal. We don't have to talk." Tammy suddenly fell to her knees, sliding her hands up his thighs before her uncle had a  chance to stop her. Cal groaned as she put them both on the swollen bulge of his cock. Lewdly Tammy squeezed it, pinching the cock knob  with one hand and massaging the shaft with the other. "Ummm, Uncle Cal! You got a goddamn big cock!"

"Tammy... Tammy, for God's sake, stop!" Tammy ignored him. Swiftly she pulled his shorts down to his ankles, releasing his stone hard cock. Then the wanton teen gasped at  the size. Her uncle's cock was huge, even fatter than Johnny's prick, but just a little bit shorter. Obscenely it throbbed and pulsed, swollen to  bursting with cum and blood.

"Umm, Uncle Cal, you really got a cock like a horse." Shamelessly Tammy wrapped her fist around the thick shaft, marveling at the way she could barely get her fingers around it. Then  she fell to licking the tip of his cock, lapping up the cock juices as they oozed from the narrow slit."Now, what were you really thinking when you watched my big brother fucking my horny ass?" "Tammy... no, Tammy! Stop it! No!"

"Unh unh, Uncle Cal! Your big cock is too stiff for me to stop!  You need a good cocksucking immediately!"

Opening her mouth wide, the horny brunette made a lurid  gurgling sound as she stuffed his puffy cock head down her throat. She nearly choked on its stiffness, fighting back the gagging reflex as she  wrapped her lips tightly around the circumference of his prick. Tammy puckered her cheeks. Feverishly she started sucking it, swirling her tongue repeatedly on the enormous, shiny-skinned knob.  Her ass wiggled as she knelt before his chair. Sucking a big prick always made her pussy get so hot and wet.. This was the solution to the whole problem she thought, as she tirelessly slurped and sucked. Uncle Cal would never tell on her if  she just put his big cock in her mouth.

"Ohhhh, Tammy, oh God. ." Uncle Cal's voice faded away as his prick started throbbing wildly down her throat, pumping out little droplets of pre-cum. His moral  resistance was fading rapidly before the compelling force of her cock-sucking. "I can't believe you're doing this to me oh, Tammy! Unnnn!" "You like the way I suck your cock, don't you, Uncle Cal?" Tammy withdrew his prickfrom her mouth long enough to mewl out the words, her wet ups still pressed on the knob. "You don't want me to stop, do you? Do you,  Uncle Cal."

"Suck it!" Blushing with shame and desire, Cal curled his fingers in her straight brown hair. Then he started to buck his ass off the easy chair,  fucking his prick through the wet oval of her lips.

"Suck it, Tummy! I can't hold back anymore! Suck all the juice  out of my big fucking cock!" The obscenity of his words surprised her, and for a moment Tammy wondered if her uncle lived a wilder life than she'd ever thought.  But she put the question quickly out of her mind as she devoted her full attention to his straining, stone-hard cock. Tammy knew she didn't want him to change his mind and tell her mother later, so she had to really give him a blow-job to remember  her by. Besides, her pussy was now juicy and itching from having his big, thick cock down her throat. She took more of his cock in this time, again nearly choking as she crammed a full half of his rod down her throat. Her lips were  stretched to the bursting point around the meaty cock shaft. But she eagerly started sucking it again, closing her eyes as she gave him the  best head she could.. Up and down her head bobbed, fucking her face with his enormous cock. Sliding her handup his hairy thigh, Tammy wrapped her fingers tightly around the mammoth root of her uncle's prick, Then she started giving him a  hand-job, frantically tugging and milking the length of his cock down her throat. "Oh-h-h, Tammy!" Cal held her head with both hands, moving it up and down, groaning as the cum load boiled in his balls. "I'm gonna  shoot it, honey! You're making me cum!"

Tammy felt his prick growing ever stiffer in her hot mouth,  stretching her lips wide. She sucked his cock very hard, hearing the  slurping, smacking sounds fill the little room. At the same time her hand raced up and down his meaty prick shaft, jacking him off as hard as she  could.

Uncle Cal pulled her hair and heaved up, preparing to cum..  Then his mischievous niece lifted her head, withdrawing his throbbing cock from her mouth and quickly clamping her thumb and forefinger on  the tip.

"Unh unh, Uncle Cal!" She pinched his prick head hard,  holding back the load of cum. "I don't want you to cum in my mouth! First you have to fuck my juicy cunt!" "Tammy," Cal gasped. "Tammy! Please finish sucking me. You know I can't fuck your pussy!" Tammy giggled and rose cockily to her feet. For a moment  she just looked down at his enormous hard-on, watching it pulse and ooze. Then she pulled off her shirt, leaving herself naked from the waist  up.


"Oh, God," Cal groaned.

"Like my big titties, Uncle Cal?" Tammy playfully cupped her  over-sized tits, displaying the cherry-ripe nipples. "I'll bet you wish Bridget had a pair of tits like mine." With her uncle still busily ogling her jiggling tits, Tammy unzipped her cut-offs and skimmed them down her hips. Immediately  Cal's eyes dropped to her pussy fur, seeing more and more of the thick bush come into view as she wiggled the denim over the  mouth-wateringly full cheeks of her round ass. Then she was naked. Tammy dropped to the floor, wiggling her ass seductively on the carpet. Stretching out on her back, she felt  the weight of her D-cup tits quivering as she splayed her soft, white thighs wide apart, letting her horny uncle stare into the fleecy haired lips  of her juicy teenaged cunt.

"Sucking your big cock made my pussy all gooey, Uncle Cal,"  she squealed. "I really need you to fuck me. Oh please, won't you fuck my hot cunt?" Cal didn't need any more persuasion. He slid off the couch, his huge hard-on pulsing stiffly before him as he crawled on his knees  between his niece's thighs. Then he mounted her, holding his throbbing cock in his fist, dropping down until he fit the oozing knob between the  flowering folds of her cunt. "Unhhh! Uncle Cal!" Automatically Tammy threw up her delectable legs, opening herpussy hole for the invasion of his cock. "Yes, you're fucking me now! fucking my pussy!" Cal rubbed his fat cock head up and down her pussy trough, teasing her by pushing the tip of his prick on her swollen clit. Then he  pushed it back into her cunt hole and heaved forward, sighing with incestuous pleasure as the slippery walls of her cunt tunnel sucked in  his big prick.

"You're fucking me, Uncle Cal!" Tammy wrapped her thighs  swiftly around his heaving waist. "Unh! You've got suck a big, thick  cock! Aww, it's stretching my pussy! Fuck me deeeep!"

Her cunt was very, very tight, but her pussy was so wet with  fuck fluid that Cal was able to stroke his cock all the way up her cunt. In and in and in his huge prick pushed, sucked into her belly by the  clinging suction of her pussy muscles. Then it was all the way inside her, buried to the balls in his niece's hairy, tender lipped cunt. Tammy lay motionless beneath him, savoring the sensation of being completely stuffed with cock meat. "Oh, Uncle Caaaal! What a big,  fucking prick!"

Cal grunted and pulled out slowly, feeling her pussy walls  drag needfully around his receding cock. Then he thrust slowly back in again. He felt her big tits jiggle as he pushed his prick back into her  belly. Cal started fucking his niece hard and fast, sawing his cock steadily through the gushingwetness of her horny cunt. Up and down his ass heaved, moving frantically between her spread thighs. He spread his knees on the floor  to give his hips power as he fucked the big cock into her pussy.

Tammy was overwhelmed by the thickness of his prick,  spearing in and out of her pussy. Her cunt felt exquisitely stretched by the meaty thickness of his cock. She wrapped her arms around his shoulders, clawing his muscular back with her long nails. "Fuck my wet pussy, Uncle Cal!"  Tammy feverishly humped her ass off the floor, eagerly pounding her  hairy cunt onto his delicious cock. "Fuck me! Fuck the shit out of me! My pussy wants to cum!" Moaning and sighing, Cal fucked his niece as hard as he could. Tammy gasped and worked her lithe hips to meet his strokes.  Then they were fucking in unison, their bellies slapping sweatily together, and Tammy could feel her asshole throbbing as the cum  mounted deep inside her voluptuous body.

"Gonna blow it," Cal moaned. "Tight, fucking pussy. . . can't  hold it, Tammy... gonna blow my wad!"

"Fuck me!" Tammy was tossing her head wildly back and  forth, grimacing and biting her lip as the cam spasms started to throb through her belly. "I'm cumming too, Uncle Cal! Unhhhh! Fuck me! Fuck  my juicy pussy! I'm cumming, cummiiinnggg! Her cunt spasmed uncontrollably, the cock stuffed lips suctioning spasmodically around her uncle's hammering prick. Tammy jerked and humped her ass madly off the floor, crying  girlishly as her pussy came over and over again. She was barely conscious when her uncle moaned and buried his aching cock all the  way inside her pussy channel.

"Ahh, Tammy!" The big cock spouted, spraying her inner pussy walls with a hot bath of jism. Tammy felt the thick white spunk gushing inside her  and she heard her uncle moan as his balls emptied themselves of their  heavy load.

It was like he hadn't cum in a year. Repeatedly the white jets  of cock juice erupted from his cock, flooding her pussy, oozing out of her hairy slit around his pumping, spurting cock. Tammy wrapped her thighs tighter around his waist, humping tirelessly. She flexed her cunt muscles to milk out every drop. A wanton  smile spread across her face as she felt the last drops squirting into her pussy. Now her uncle would never tell her mother about Johnny, and  now she had another big prick around the house to fuck! 

CHAPTER SIX

Shit, Johnny thought. Walking home from school the next afternoon, Tammy's big brother had a worried expression on his face. All day long it had been  difficult to concentrate on his studies. The more he thought about it, the more he was sure his uncle was going to spill the beans to his mom. Fucking Tammy. Fucking his own sister, right up the ass! Johnny groaned as he hurried up the street, oblivious to the gentle  breeze that had finally come in from the south to end the heat wave. All  he could think of was the trouble he'd get into if his uncle talked.

Entering the big house, Johnny's first impression was that he  was the only one home. Then he heard his mother whistling in the kitchen. He dropped his school books and hesitated for a moment. Then  he bravely walked in to greet her. He'd already decided that it


would be best to bring up the subject first, particularly now that they had a chance to talk privately.


Whistling as she dried the dishes, Lana Madison might, at first  glance, have appeared as a vision of all-American motherhood-except for the wet need burning deep inside her hairy cunt. She was a beautiful woman in her late thirties, and one glance at her prominent bosom showed the world where Tammy had inherited  her huge tits.. Lana's long, wavy brown tresses framed her pretty face  and cascaded around her huge tits. Her narrow hips flared into a ripe ass that was still devoid of excess fat, and, unlike her teenaged  daughter, she had very long legs.

Lana looked like a chaste, moral woman, but her lustful nature  belied her appearance. All her life she'd been very, very horny. The main reason she'd married her husband, Steve, was that he had the biggest  cock she'd ever fucked, a long; thick tube of cock meat loaded with lots of sappy cum that had always been ready to spurt out at any moment. Even during her pregnancies with Johnny and Tammy, Steve had fucked her every night, usually a couple of times in a row. But in the  past few days he hadn't been keeping up with his marital duties. Apparently the trouble withTammy had upset him more than usual. Steve wasn't even coming to bed with a hard-on! Lana couldn't stand it. She needed lots of sex! As she stood at the kitchen sink in her dress and apron, it was hard not to put her  fingers under her skirt and massage the burning lips of her cunt. Her pussy was so wet that the fuck juice had soaked through her panties.  Lana didn't know how much longer she could go without a stiff, thrusting cock. "Hi, Mom." It was Johnny, smiling at her as he entered the  kitchen. "I'm home."

"Hello, darling." Lana smiled at him warmly. "Have a seat at  the kitchen table. I'll make you a little snack."

Lana glanced at her son over her shoulder as she put some  cookies on a plate and poured a tall glass of milk for him. Johnny looked rather sheepish, fidgeting on the chair and looking at her nervously.  Lana could tell he had something on his mind.

"Darling, what's bothering you today?" She looked at him  lovingly as she set the plate and glass down in front of him. "Is there something you want to talk to me about? You're such a big boy now,  you usually don't even say hello to your old mother when you come home from school." "You're not old, Mom," Johnny said seriously, "You don't look  old at all. You're one of the most gorgeous women I've ever seen. Hell, lots of my buddies are always saying how pretty you are.""Why, thank you, darling," Lana murmured, blushing at the unexpected compliment. "Now what's on your mind?" "Well . . ." Johnny blushed, averting his eyes. "You know, Tammy's been pretty, uh, upset about dad grounding her and all. She's  used to a pretty active social life, and she gets pretty, uh, weird if she has to be cooped up." "I know, darling," Lana sighed. "But don't you think this is something you should discuss with your father?" "No, Mom, I really don't. You see.. . uh, now I don't want you  telling dad about this, and I don't want you getting pissed off at Tammy, but, uh . . . well, the main reason Tammy likes to go out so much is that  she likes to have lots of. . ."

"I know what Tammy likes a lot of, Son." Now Lana felt herself  blushing, and the reddening of her cheeks was joined by the growing ache in her hairy cunt. For some reason the lewd thought of her  daughter fucking her brains out with some horny boy thrilled her no end! "Okay, okay." Johnny fidgeted on the chair again, looking more nervous than ever. "See . . . now, really, this is mostly my fault. I  mean, I take responsibility for the whole thing, all right. But, you know, Tammy being so, uh, anxious and all, she'll even go after someone she  never would have thought of going after. And we were studying the  other day together, for a long time, and, uh..."

"Son, what are you trying to tell me about you and your sister?" Lana's voice was unexpectedly firm, and Johnny found himself responding automatically. "Well, just that we, uh, messed  around a little. I mean, nothing."

"Johnny!" Lana gasped. "Me you telling me that you had sex  with your own-"

She stopped in mid-sentence, picking up the milk glass and  taking a quick gulp. But she was so surprised that her hand shook, and  Johnny gasped as all the milk tumbled onto the crotch of his tight jeans.

"Oh, Johnny! Your brand new pants!" His revelation momentarily forgotten, Lana hurried to the sink and automatically picked up a wash cloth. She knelt on the floor and  busily started rubbing the front of her son's pants, oblivious to the fact that her fingers were molding his prick. "Oh Johnny, I'm very sorry, how clumsy of me," Lana said quickly. "What a thing you just told me! We are going to have to talk  about this, and you're right, it's better that we don't mention it to your father." But Johnny didn't say anything, and after a moment Lana looked up into his face. Johnny's eyes were wide, and his expression  was one of deep embarrassment. Then Lana looked down at his crotch. She gasped, dropping the wash cloth to the floor. Her efforts to scrub the milk out of his jeans had given him a gigantic hard-on thatwas throbbing obscenely through the denim. "Oh, Johnny!" Lana cried. "What an enormous cock you've got!" The obscene words came out of her mouth before she had a chance to stop them. Now Lana was blushing too, as she helplessly  stared down at her son's stiff cock. Before her eyes it jerked and pulsed, and she could see how long and thick it was as the meaty prick shaft  stretched down the inside of his pants.

"Oh, Johnny.. ." Lana hesitated only a moment, breathing hard. Then it was as  if her lust overwhelmed her, and she gave in to her most secret, forbidden desires-the need to fuck her own son! Deftly her fingers pulled down his zipper. She opened the buckle and tugged his pants down to his knees. Now his cock was  encased only in jockey shorts, and the meaty trunk showed clearly through the sheer fabric. The whole crotch was wet with the cock juice  oozing out of the head.

"Mom," Johnny gasped deliriously. "Jesus, what're you  doing to me?"

Lana didn't answer. She felt hypnotized by lust. Her pussy  throbbed like a heart as she tugged the jockey shorts down too. Then she moaned at the sight of her boy's naked prick. Up it rose like a battering ram, throbbing and pulsing stiffly  over his stomach. Lana stared at the thick vein seaming the underside of his prick, seeing the way light blue lines wound up the stem to the head.  The knob was very fat and juicy-looking, covered with a glistening sheen of pre-cum.

"Oh, Johnny. ." Lifting her hand, Lana lewdly wrapped her fingers around the swollen trunk of her son's cock. Furiously she started jacking on it,  milking and tugging from root to knob, making more cock cream leak out of the tip. Then she pushed her fist to the root of his cock, holding it in position. Lana brushed the hair out of her eyes and lowered her head.  She made a soft, submissive, gurgling sound as she stuffed the spongy  crown down her throat.

"Oh, Jesus, Mom!" Johnny gasped as he beheld the obscene  spectacle of his pretty, big titted mother with a mouth full of his cock. "Christ, you're giving me head!" Lana didn't answer, she was too busy savoring the musky taste of his cock meat. Her lips clasped tightly around the swollen shaft,  drinking in his cock. Her tongue swirled around the cum-seeping head. Then she started to give her son a blow-job, puckering her cheeks to  increase the suction around his cock.

"Unh!" Johnny thrust his hands behind her head, curling his  fingers in her thick hair. "Oh shit, Mom!" His expression became pained, wincing as he felt the cock juice building up in his hairy, wrinkled balls.  "Suck it! Oh fuck, I can't stand it! Suck out my cum!" Lana shut her eyes tightly, refusing to think of anything but the tasty stem of cock meatrammed down her throat. Soon she heard the slurping, smacking sounds of a juicy blow-job fill the kitchen as she hornily concentrated on  giving pleasure to her son's prick.

Her head started bobbing, fucking her face with his massive  cock. Lana pumped her fist slowly up and down his cock shaft, milking him. Then she started to jack on it harder, doing everything she could to  make him cum.

"I'm gonna blow it," Johnny panted. He dug his fingers into  her neck and bucked his ass, fucking his prick through the grip of her  lips. "Harder, Mom . . unh, Christ, suck hard! I'm gonna shoot my wad!"

Lana felt her cheeks flush as she sucked her son's cock as  hard as she could. Rhythmically her cheeks puckered and bellowed, working mechanically around his stone-hard cock. She licked her full  tongue up the slit of his cum hole, shamelessly lapping up the jism as it oozed up from his nuts. "Play. . . play with my balls," Johnny gasped. He took his mother's free hand, directing it between his spread legs. "Oh please,  squeeze them a little! My cock's so stiff! I can't staaand it!"

Lana eagerly complied with her son's wish, pushing her  fingers tenderly into the cum swollen sac of his nuts. The twin globes were heavy, bloated to bursting with cock milk. Lana hefted them,  groaning around the prick in her mouth as she realized, their size. Then  she started to fondle and squeeze them, jacking wildly on his rod as her lips and tongue nursed the juicing crown of his prick. "Oh, Mom!" Johnny held her head in both hands, wincing as his cock grew to total stiffness down her hot, tight throat. "I'm shooting  it, Mom! I'm shooting my spunk! Unh! Suck it . . oh, fuck. . . ahhh . ."

His prick quivered in her lips, the shiny skinned knob banging  against the roof of her mouth. Then his hot sap started squirting. Long ribbons of cock juice squirted out of the tip of his cock, shooting across  Lana's tongue and gushing down her throat. "Ummlllpp," gurgled the horny mother. She nearly came in her panties as she tasted his hot cum. It was filling her gullet with jizz.  Tightening her hand around his throbbing cock, she jacked it harder than ever, swallowing loudly as she gulped down every burning drop of  her son's cum.

"Oh, Mom!" Johnny winced as he pulled his still-twitching  prick out of her lips. "That was the best fucking cock-sucking I ever had in my life!" Lana just looked up at him, her cheeks flushing with shame as she realized the irreversible enormity of her sin. Johnny groaned as  he looked down at her. His cock didn't wilt, instead continued to pulse obscenely in the air. "Mom, I've got to fuck you," he said hoarsely. "You know  we've gone too far to stop now! I've just got to fuck your hot cunt!"

His filthy words and the image of his bigprick spearing into her hairy pussy filled the horny mother with uncontrollable fuck lust. Lana moaned softly and she felt she had lost  control over her actions as she rose to her feet, staring hungrily at his cock. "Pull up your pants, Johnny. I can't do it to you here. I'm taking you to a motel!"


The nearest motel was the Country Squire, a pompously  named but cheaply furnished meeting spot for adulterous lovers  throughout the suburbs. The Country Squire was only a few miles away, but Lana felt as if it were the longest trip she'd ever taken. She was dying to feel her son's big cock boring inside her. Johnny sat beside her on the station wagon's bench seat, and he made  no effort to keep his hands to himself, now that they both knew what they wanted. Lana gasped as he repeatedly felt up her huge tits, squeezing and massaging them through her prim dress. Helplessly she tried to  make him stop as he thrust his hand between her legs, rooting under the dress, mauling her pussy through her panties. By the time they finally  pulled into The motel parking lot, her cunt was a dripping mess.

"W-w-wait in the car, Johnny," Lana stammered. "I'm going to  get us a room." They had one a few minutes later-small but surprisingly clean, with a big double bed.Johnny was all over her before she even had a chance to lock the motel room door. Lana turned to him, hungrily thrusting her tongue into his  mouth as his hands massaged the cheeks of her ass.

"All right, darling. Slow down now.., oh, Son!" Johnny pulled open the front of her blouse, popping two buttons as he exposed her huger brassiere-encased tits. Lana tried to  push his hands away, but he pulled the bra off too, nearly breaking the front clasp. Then her tits were naked before him, and Lana moaned deep  in her throat as Johnny took a fat, dark red nipple between his lips. "Oh, Johnny," she moaned, stroking the back of his head. "Suck it for me! Suck Mommy's big tit . ." Johnny sucked hard, dragging his teeth across the nipple, feeling it crinkle and stiffen between his lips. Then he let the jiggling tit  fall from his mouth. Feverishly he tore off all her clothes, leaving his mother naked. "Get on the bed," he said hoarsely. His eyes were riveted to her pussy mound, drooling over the tight, wet slit of her cunt. "Get on  the bed and spread 'em, Mom!"

He was like an animal, Lana thought, like a rapist, and the  thought of being taken so wildly by her own son excited her even more. Slowly she backed up, falling onto her back on the springy mattress.  Johnny stripped off all his clothes, and Lana groaned as she saw how  big and stiff his cock had grown.

"Are you wet enough, Mom?" Johnny crawled onto the bed  between her splayed thighs, his massive prick beating and thumping over her belly as he luridly fingered her cunt. "Shit, your pussy feels so  juicy! Are you ready for my big prick?"

"Fuck me," Lana groaned. She started humping her ass,  grinding her steaming pussy onto his fingers. "Fuck me, darling! Yes, oh yes, fuck your mother!" Johnny crawled into position, holding his pulsing prick  before him. Lana threw up her legs as she felt the spongy knob press onto her pussy folds, finding the opening of her slick cunt. Then her  son's cock was going into her, inch after inch of its meaty thickness stabbing into his mother's creaming cunt. Convulsively Lana threw her legs around his waist, hugging him close as she longed for all of the cock shaft to bore inside her. "Yes, darling! Unggghh! What a big fucking cock you've got! Fuck me, Johnny! Unh, unh, fuck mommy's wet cunt!" His mother was the oldest woman Johnny had ever fucked, but her pussy was still as tight and juicy as a teenaged girl's. Panting,  the naked boy heaved his ass, forcing his cock to the hilt in her hairy slot. Then he just lay on top of her, letting his hard-on soak in her fuck  oil as her pussy walls reflexively squeezed and milked his burning prick. "Fuck me, Johnny!" Lana pushed her thighs higher up his back, lifting her ass so that another inch of his magnificent prick would stab into her pussy tunnel. "Unh! Johnny, it's  stretching." She started clawing his back, then raked her fingernails up his muscular ass cheeks. "Fuck me, fuck me. . ." Johnny pulled out slowly, groaning as he felt his mother's pussy walls suctioning around his cock. He teased her with just the tip  of his prick for a moment, fucking her lightly with only the head. Then he again pushed every inch into her clinging, slippery, clasping cunt. "Fuck me, fuck me!" By now Lana was humping hard and  fast, her enormous tits jiggling as she drove her burning ass off the sheets. "Don't torture me like this! Fuck me haaaard!" Johnny let his torso fall to her nakedness, flattening her spongy tit mounds under his chest as he cradled his head between her  neck and shoulder. Then he started to fuck his mother hard and fast, banging his balls on her heaving ass crack with every thrust. "Unngghhh! Oh yesss, Johnny!" Lana twisted her head deliriously from side to side, groaning and sighing as the fuck thrusts  massaged her pussy's oily walls. "You're fucking me. . . unh! Fucking my horny son..." "You're tight, Mom!" Johnny groaned. "You've got such a sweet juicy pussy!" He spread his knees between her milk-white thighs, changing  the angle of his ass so that his long, hot cock would spear more easily intoher juicing pussy channel. Then he started to fuck his mother as hard as he could. Johnny panted on her shoulder as he pounded his prick into  her pussy, the fat knob banging her womb opening with every thrust.

Lana shuddered with the fury of his fucking, twisting and  writhing wantonly beneath him on the bed. Then she feverishly met his strokes, pounding her hip in a-wild frenzy of incestuous lust. Her pussy was creaming heavily, juicing and sucking uncontrollably around the satisfying stiffness of his beating cock. There  was pain as his cock bored all the way up her fuck tunnel, but the sharp  little spasms only merged with the overwhelming pleasure . . the pleasure of being fucked by such a prime, eager stud, by her own  teenaged son!

"Harder, Johnny! Mommy's cumming, mommy's cumming!"  Lana shrieked with pleasure as he fucked into her, not trying to restrain her moans in the safety of the motel room. "Haaaarder! Unh unh unh! I'm  gonna cum!"

Johnny slid his hands down his mother's waist, gripping the  sides of her heaving ass melons. He fucked her even harder, violently pounding his meat into the clinging sheath of her cunt. The jism was  really boiling in his balls now and he knew he couldn't hold his wad much longer, "I'm cumming, Johnny! Johnny, Johnny, Mommy's  cuuummmiiinnngggg!"

Lana arched her back, lifting her ass nearly foot off the sweaty sheets, forcing her cum to ram every inch of his hard-on into her  belly. Then she shuddered through her cunt drenching orgasm.

The cum rippled through her nakedness, flowing out of her  pussy to make her asshole tingle and her nipples push stiffly onto his chest. Lana was barely conscious as she felt the hot throbs gushing  through her pussy, making the velvety tunnel clasp and suction hard around Johnny's driving prick. "Oh fuck, Mom!" Johnny kept fucking her through the sweet,  protracted spasms, sighing as his cock swelled to total stiffness inside her pussy's nursing tunnel. "I'm making it! Can't hold it . . . oh, fuck!" The cock juice erupted from his balls, spurting torrentially into his mother's creamy cunt. Lana gasped as she felt all the jizz pumping  into her cunt hole, splattering the pink, inner walls of her cunt.

"Yes, Johnny!" Lana clawed his ass, simultaneously flexing  her pussy muscles to work out his salty wad. "Cum in me. . . good boy.. . cumming in mommy's cunt!" Johnny kept pushing the prick into her, wincing as the last viscous drops burned out of the head of his cock. Then he slowly slid  down the bed, withdrawing the receding shaft of meat from the clinging grip of her cunt. Lana gasped as she watched him bury his head between her  jiggling tits, licking up the sweat that glistened in her cleavage. Fresh heat gushed through her pussy as he held up one mammoth tit, popped the rosy nipple into his  mouth and sucked it hard. Then he started sliding down again, planting wet kisses on her undulating belly as he delicately spread her legs. "Johnny, wh-what are you going to do to me?" Lana asked, almost fearfully. "I'm just gonna lick it out, Mom!"

Stretching out on his stomach between her milk-white thighs,  Johnny groaned as he buried his head between her legs. Lana  shuddered as she felt his tongue pushing into her pussy hole. Then her son started to eat her out, licking up the mixture of cunt cream and man  cum from the ravished slit of her pussy.

"Nnnggg! John-neee!" Lana automatically spread her thighs  as wide as she could, blushing as she thought of how her pussy must taste after being fucked so hard. "Oh Johnny, you don't have to do that  to me!"

"I want to, Mom!" He sighed as he inhaled the musky aroma of fuck juice, lifting his head to see the way the thick drops of his own jism oozed from her  curly haired cunt lips. Johnny made slurping sounds as he hungrily gulped up his own load, cleaning all the spunk off of his mother's pussy  folds. Lana was humping and bucking again, grinding and thrusting her aching pussy onto his mouth. Johnny pushed his hand betweenher thighs, peeling the cunt lips up and back. His mother had an extra-large clit and he put it in his mouth and sucked it tenderly, drawing  it out with his lips.

"Awwww!" Immediately Lana bucked as if she'd been shot,  frantically fucking her cunt all over his face. "I can't stand it, Johnny! Yes, yes, suck me there! I'm gonna cum again!" Johnny sucked her clit hard, hurting her a little with his eagerness to make her cum. He pushed his fingers deep inside her  drippy pussy hole, and Lana grunted as he buried them to the knuckles  in her throbbing cunt. Johnny jacked off her pussy as he sucked the clit, flicking his tongue on the sensitive tip of the little bud. "I'm cumming!" Lana moaned hoarsely. She grabbed the back of his head and worked her ass wildly, making the bed shake as  she fucked her cunt all over his face. "Suck it, Johnny! Suck mommy's pussy! Unh! I'm making it all over again! Nnnngggg! I'm  cuuummmiiinnnngggg!"

Her cunt spasmed, overflowing in an orgasm that was easily  as intense as the first. Lana pulled her boy's hair and kept fucking her hips off the mattress, groaning and squealing as the fuck heat  overwhelmed her pussy with desire.

I've done it now, she thought dazedly. I've fucked Johnny... I  can't ever go back again.


CHAPTER SEVEN

"Oh, Lana! Honey, I'm home!" Steve dropped his briefcase in the hall and kicked the front door shut behind him, fully expecting to be greeted by the aroma of one  of his wife's best dinners. But there was no aroma, and there was no answer to his voice. "Shit!"

Steve tromped into the kitchen, then walked through the  house, occasionally calling out for his wife. But she wasn't home, and  there was no sign that dinner was anywhere near ready, unless she'd gone out to the nearest Kentucky Fried Chicken. Frowning, he loosened his tie and went into the bedroom. That wasn't like Lana at all, buthe was sure she'd have a good explanation when she returned. Oh, well, as long as he was the only one home, he might as well take a littie rest. Steve pulled off his coat and vest, then took off his shoes and stretched out on the bed. As an afterthought, he stripped off his tight  dress slacks as well, leaving himself naked from the waist down, except for his jockey shorts. Within a minute he was fast asleep on his back.


"Hi, Mom! I'm home!" Tammy entered the house, tired after one of the longest  school days she'd ever suffered through. Another one of her father's bright ideas. A couple of times a week she had to take special  instruction courses after her last class, which made going to high school like having a full time job. "Shit!"

Tammy walked into the kitchen and swore under her breath  as she realized that neither her brother nor mother were home. All that studying had bored her and whenever Tammy was bored her pussy  started acting up. Walking home from school, she'd had to restrain herself from darting into the nearest bushes to get herself off. She'd hoped to get her big brother into a private place so he could give her a good fuck-ing before dinner. Tammy knew he was nervous about being caught by Uncle Cal, but she figured she could make his prick stiff anyhow.  Besides, Uncle Cal sure wasn't going to go blabbing to their parents now that Tammy had fucked him too! Tammy briefly thought of going to the cottage to see if Cal could fuck her, but stopped when she realized that his daughter,  Bridget, would undoubtedly be out there with him, prissy cunt! Tammy was just about to go into the den to watch some TV when she noticed  that the door to her parents' bedroom was slightly ajar. Tammy opened it, peeking in. Her eyes bulged as she saw her father fast asleep, with his clothes strewn on the floor beside the bed. All  he had on were his shorts and dress shirt. Immediately Tammy's eyes moved up his hairy legs to his bulging crotch. "Oh, fuck!"

His prick was soft, but the prick mass there was obviously  enormous! Tammy could see the shape of balls and the meaty cock trunk bundled on top of them. Never before had she realized what a big  cock her daddy had. Her pussy started to burn and juice violently in her jeans. Without thinking, Tammy shut the bedroom door behind her and quietly crossed the room. She stood beside the bed, looking down  at his smiling, sleeping face. Her father had always been a very sound  sleeper. Once the police had answered a false fire alarm next door, and he hadn't even awakened to the sound of sirens. A wanton smile curled Tammy's lips. Suppressing a giggle, the stacked teenage dropped her hand and lightly slid her fingers up the  crotch of his underwear, feeling the weight of his cock.

And immediately the big shaft started to pulse and grow. Tammy kept on  tickling and touching it, staring intently at the erecting shaft of cock meat. A moment later she stepped back in awe. Now his cock was  rock-hard, stabbing through his underwear, tenting the cotton fabric.  Her dad had the biggest cock she'd ever seen!

Tammy had intended only to give him a big hard-on and then  wake him up, knowing how embarrassed he'd be to have a straining boner in front of his daughter. But now she was hypnotized by the  throbbing heat in her pussy as she ogled the huge, pulsing cock. Tammy knew she just had to see what his prick looked like in the raw. Giggling mischievously, the big-titted teenager sat lightly on the edge of the bed, by her father's hip. Deftly she pulled down his  underwear, gratified that her father showed no sign of awakening. Then her pussy creamed at She sight of his naked cock. It slapped up stiffly as soon as she released it, a steely semi-crescent of flesh, throbbing and weaving over his stomach.  Hungrily Tammy stared at the enormous knob, seeing the way clear, seeping cock juice glistened on the spongy, puffy flesh. Oh God, I've just got to suck on it, she thought wantonly. I don't care what happens. Just have to suck my daddy's huge prick. She dropped her hand, and Steve breathed faster in his sleep as her fingers curled around the root of his hard-on. Tammy lifted up his  big prick, holding it in position. Then she lowered her head and    113 KB extended her tongue to lick the crown of her father's cock meat. Expertly her tongue slithered around his heart-shaped knob,  pressing onto his piss hole, slithering around the flaring edge. Tammy sighed as she lapped up all the prick milk oozing up from his equally  large balls. Her father's pre-cum tasted delicious! Tammy stopped thinking about the consequences. Never in her life had she seen a more  magnificent hard-on. She had to put it in her mouth.

The nipples of her big tit stiffened through the blouse and bra as she  dropped her head, wetly engulfing her father's cock head between her full lips. Tammy opened her throat passage, taking his prick all the way  in. She stopped with the first several inches of his prick rod lodged securely in her mouth. His cock was as thick as it was long, and she had to stretch her lips to the bursting point just to take in his pride. But Tammy  managed, compressing her mouth in a tight, sucking circle around the veined stalk of his hard-on.

Then she puckered her cheeks and started sucking it,  delighting in the taste and feel of her father's enormous cock. She wanted to give in and suck his prick as hard as she could, but she knew  she couldn't do that. She had to restrain herself and suck lightly, giving her well-hung father a good sucking in his sleep. The slurping, smacking sounds came out of the back of her throat as she gave her father head, but Tammy controlled them.  Repeatedly her tongue washed his cock head, lapping up the pearly  drops of cum as they appeared on his pin slit.

Her father's cock started throbbing violently, the bloated head  knocking on the roof of her mouth. Tammy could barely restrain herself from thrusting her hand in her jeans and finger-fucking her pussy as she  gave her father head. He had the best prick she'd ever sucked!

Boy, she thought, if mom could only see me now! She knew that her father would probably wake up if she made him squirt, but Tammy found it more difficult to restrain herself as she  kept on sucking. She was dying to gulp down his hot, sticky sap, to nurse all of the white jizz out of his aching balls. Steve was squirming lightly in his sleep now, sighing as he experienced what his slumbering mind considered the world's best wet  dream. Gingerly, Tammy tightened her fingers around the thick root of his cock meat. Then she started jacking around his cock while she sucked it, milking the burning shaft into her mouth. The smacking, gurgling sounds grew louder as she feverishly sucked, shutting her eyes and thinking of nothing but the massive prick  stabbing down her throat. Flaring her nostrils for air, Tammy took a deep breath and stuffed more of his hard-on between her lips. The knob was  deep down her throat now, almost choking her, but still she kept on frantically sucking, intent on milking up a. big load of cum. Steve was moaning and squirming in his sleep. His prick  swelled stiffer, rock-hard as it throbbed and pulsed and jerked. The cum was oozing more plentifully from his cock head now. Tammy knew her  daddy was about to blow his wad.

Throwing caution to the winds, the horny teenager sucked  her dad's big cock as hard as she could. Her head bobbed, fucking her face with his meaty prick. Feverishly her hand raced up and down his  veined shaft, beating his meat into her tight throat.

"Ahhhh!" The cock juice spurted, a huge geyser of jism blasting out of his knob and squirting down Tammy's throat. The initial blast was  followed by steaming gushers of milky cum.

His wad was delicious. Tammy slurped loudly as she sucked  it all down, tirelessly jacking and sucking his exploding cock. Then she heard her father grunt, and then he opened his eyes even as the cum continued to spout out of  his cock.

"Tammy! Jesus God!" He pushed her away roughly, knocking her off the bed. But he was still in the middle of his cum. Steve looked dazedly about as the  hot spunk continued to blast out of his cock head, spurting milky ribbons onto his stomach and chest. Tammy giggled and left the room, glancing once over her  shoulder at the rage and confusion on her father's face. She knew he'd be shocked and enraged with her, but she doubted he'd do anything.  He'd be too embarrassed. Besides, the punishment he'd already given her for the night at the drive-in was bad enough. And even if he did do something, Tammy knew it had been worth it. Walking into the hall; she heard her mom's car pull into the  driveway. She sighed as she licked the traces of cum front her lips.

Boy, Daddy had a big cock! Tammy felt her pussy throb as  she wondered when she could suck it again. 

CHAPTER EIGHT

"Unh! Daddy, fuck me, Daddy! Unngghhh! Love your big  priiiick!"

It was late in the evening, and Cal was having his usual fuck  session with his daughter in the back room of their cottage. Lying on his back, he watched his horny daughter bouncing frantically up and down  on his hard-on, pounding her throbbing, hairy cunt on the satisfying shaft of his prick. "Gonna cum, Daddy! Fuck me! Fuck the shit out of my horny  pussy!"

The slim blonde leaned forward, grabbing her father's  shoulders, her stiff-nippled tits jiggling lusciously over his hairy body. Then she started to whip her ass up and downin a frenzy of lust, pounding her gushing cunt hole onto his big prick.

She was fucking so hard that Cal hardly had to do any more  work himself. But he fucked up anyway to meet her strokes, sighing as her clinging cunt tunnel milked his rock-hard prick. "Gonna cum, Daddy! I'm getting so close! Fuck meeee! I love you, Daddy! I love your big fucking prick!" The bed was shaking now, the springs protesting. Cal wrapped his hands around his daughter's ass, feeling the milk-white  cheeks jiggle and bounce in his grip. He started humping off the bed as  hard as he could, furiously meeting his daughter's wild downward strokes. "I'm cumming, Daddy! Fuck my cunt, fuck it hard! Unh! Unh! I'm cuummmiiinnnggg!" She dropped on top of him, taking his prick to the hilt in her juicing, pulsing pussy. Then her cunt tunnel rippled into orgasm, the  pink walls spasming and gripping tightly around her father's cock meat.

"Ahhhh!" Cal lifted his ass off the bed, burying his prick as far into his daughter's pussy as he could. The cock cream erupted from his hairy  balls, geysering deep inside her buttery, cuming cunt. Again and again his nuts drained off their wad, and he felt every spurt opening his cum  hole, filling his daughter's pussy with a thick load of sappy cum. "Oh, Daddy! You really shot off that time!"

Bridget lifted her leg, giggling as her father's cock pulled  wetly out of her pussy. Like taking a stopper out of a hole, the load of cum immediately started oozing out of her hairy slit, running onto his  loins. Bridget laughed and curled up at her father's side.

"Daddy," she said softly, after they'd rested a little while.  "There's something I have to tell you. I hope you don't get mad at me."

Cal chuckled and stroked his naked daughter's long, shining  blonde hair. "What is it, honey?" "Daddy, I want to fuck my cousin Johnny!" Bridget blurted suddenly. "And I want to fuck my uncle Steve, too!" "What?"

Cal lifted his head and looked intently into his daughter's  eyes. But the expression on her face was serious, and he could see that she looked a little frightened too, as if she'd been waiting a long time to  break the news.

"When in the world did this come on, honey?" "Oh, I don't know," Bridget sighed, resting her cheek on his stomach. "I just want to, that's all. It's partly your fault, I guess. You fuck  me so good. I'm horny all the time!"

"I won't tell them about me and you, Daddy," Bridget said  quickly. "You know I never would. I don't even know if they'll let me  make it with them. I just want to try, that's all!"

Cal hesitated. A week ago he would have been tempted to say  no, but a week ago he hadn't fucked Tammy. Ever since making it with his niece he'd worried about being discovered by his daughter. Now  that would be equalized by Bridget's fuck sessions with her uncle and cousin. In a way it was like an open, incestuous marriage.

"Okay," Cal said softly. "You can fuck them if you want. But  just don't let them suspect about us, okay?" "Oh, Daddy! You're the most wonderful father in the whole wide world!" Sliding her cheek down her father's hairy stomach, Bridget kissed the wilted, half-swollen shaft of his cock. Then she popped the  whole thing into her mouth, able to suck in all of his prick in its flaccid state. Cal groaned and relaxed with his daughter while she began one of the suck jobs he loved so much. Feverishly Bridget sucked all of  his cock, lightly gnawing on it. Soon it was growing and stiffening rapidly, and she had to let first the root, then the bottom several inches  push out of her sucking lips.

Seconds later, it was as hard as stone, quivering stiffly over  his stomach. Bridget ripped her hand tightly around the quivering root  of his hard-on, holding it in position. Wetly she sucked and kissed the flared head, lapping up the fresh cum as it oozed up fromhis balls.

"Unh! Oh, shit, honey! You already gave me another hard-on!" "I know, Daddy!"

Giggling, Bridget pulled the stiff cock out of her mouth and  jacked on it for a moment, pushing her hand all the way up and down his rigid cockmeat. Then she got on her hands and knees beside him on the  double bed. Looking shamelessly into her father's eyes, she reached behind herself and spread her ass cheeks wide. "You deserve a special treat now, Daddy! Please, I want you  to fuck me up the ass!"

Cal crawled onto his knees behind her upturned ass cheeks,  his cock throbbing stiffly before him. Hungrily he stared at her puckered shit ring, thinking of how good it would feel to have her tight asshole  sucking around his aching cock.

Cal held his prick in his hand and pushed forward, fitting the  bloated knob onto the sphincter. His cock was still dripping with saliva and cum. He didn't need any more lubrication to fuck his teen's horny  ass.

"Push it in, Daddy!" Bridget clawed her ass cheeks, holding  them wide apart. "Fuck me, fuck my ass!"

Cal pushed the meat into her, groaning as her strongly  muscled ass ring sucked in the length of his cock. Gently be stabbed  inch after inch of it into her asshole, feeling the rubbery ass walls throbbing obscenely around the invading shaft of, his cock."Unh! Daddy, Daddy! You've got such a big prick!"

Bridget let her head drop to the bed, lifting up her ass for all of  her father's cock. Cal pushed every inch into the churning heat of her ass tunnel. He pulled out slowly; pausing before packing his prick all the  way in again.

"Fuck me, Daddy!" Bridget thrust her hand under her belly  and started finger-fucking her pussy. "Fuck my asshole! Fuck me hard!"

Cal started fucking his sweet daughter's teenaged ass,  sawing his cock steadily through the tight ring of her asshole. Eagerly  Bridget humped up to meet his strokes. The bed started shaking again as he fucked her asshole harder and harder, pumping his cock deeper  up her bowels with every stroke.

"I'm gonna cum again, Daddy! Fuck meee!" They fucked for only a few minutes straight, groaning and sighing as hot asshole sucked around huge, straining cock. Then Cal  felt the jism boiling up in his balls. Gasping, he stabbed his prick to the hilt in his daughter's rubbery ass. The hot sap rushed up from his balls again, spurting heavily into his daughter's ass. Slowly, the naked father worked on top of her,  feeling the long ribbons of spunk erupting between her ass cheeks.

"I'm cuming, Daddy!" Bridget gasped. "Unh, unh, fuck my  asshole! Fuck it hard! Oh


Daddy, you're cumming in me! I'm cumming too! Awwwww!"

Cal felt her asshole throbbing, pulsating like a heart as her  cumming pussy pumped fuck juice onto her stroking fingers. They kept fucking wildly for a minute until the exhausted father pulled his cock out  of her shit tunnel.

Then he lay panting on the bed. No, he had nothing to worry  about. Bridget was so horny that she'd have enough for him and Steve and Johnny and more besides!


CHAPTER NINE

Bridget walked home alone from school the next afternoon,  her pussy throbbing wetly between her slim legs. She hadn't thought very much about her conversation with her father the night before,  though she'd decided that she was going to fuck her cousin Johnny as soon as possible. She wasn't worried too much about the plan of seduction, either. Fucking her father had made her confident of her appearance,  and Cal had told her many times that she gave the world's most fantastic  head. No guy was going to turn down a juicy blow-job from a foxy girl like her. Bridget walked up the path that led from the street around the Madison house to the cottage she shared with her father. Then she smiled to herself as she heard noises inside the garage.  It was too early for Uncle Steve to be back from work so it had to be Johnny in there working on his car. She entered the garage through a small door built into the side of the house and sure enough, Johnny was there, all by himself.  Her cousin was bent under the hood of his Camaro, working on something. All he had on were a pair of swim trunks and his hands were  greasy. His lean, muscular back and legs shone in the dim light of the  garage's single overhead lamp.

Bridget quietly shut the door behind her and checked the  door on the other side of the garage, leading into the house, to make sure it was closed. Then she smiled and dropped her school books on  the floor.

There was a lot of clutter in the garage, including an old  mattress propped up against one wall. Bridget hoped to be spread-eagled on her back on that mattress within the next few minutes,  her cousin's stiff cock pounding inside her.

"Hi, Johnny," she said brightly. "What'cha up to?" Johnny wiped the sweat from his forehead with his arm and looked at his cousin over his shoulder. Automatically his eyes slid up  her long, slim legs, completely revealed by her denim cut-offs, to the  cute buds of her girlish

tits wider her t-shirt. Bridget moved seductively towards him as he surveyed her body. Her pussy burned. "Oh, working on the car. You know anything about cars?"

Bridget walked up to stand next to her cousin and stared  uncomprehendingly at the workings under the hood. "No. You can teach me, though, if you want." "Well, it would take a while to explain..."

Swearing lightly under his breath, Johnny went back to  tightening something. Bridget stood closer to him, until their naked  thighs touched. Briefly it occurred to her that she didn't really know Johnny that well. "How was school today?" Johnny asked distractedly.

"Oh, it was okay. I didn't really get that much done. I had a  hard time concentrating."

"Yeah? Hot weather, huh? That gets to me too." "Oh it wasn't really that. I just had something else on my mind." "Yeah? What were you thinking about?"

"Oh, just how horny I am." Bridget said this as casually as possible, but. Johnny nearly dropped his wrench. He glanced at her briefly, dropping his eyes to her  tits. Her pink nipples were stiff. Looking uncomfortable, Johnny tried to  return his attention to the engine.

"How horny you were, huh?""Yeah. I always get, like, super horny this time of the month. All I can think of is getting laid. God, I mean, I was squirming all over the  chairs and everything. My pussy was that hot Johnny, would you do me a favor?" Johnny said nothing but Bridget saw his cheeks flush. Wantonly she slid her hand down his hard stomach, pushing aside the  waistband of his swim trunks, reaching down to grasp the swollen root of his prick. "Oh, fuck," Johnny moaned. "Mmmmmmm, you got a big one, Johnny!" Lewdly the blonde cousin milked and tugged the base of his cock, feeling the thick tube of  cock meat stiffen and grow. "Johnny, would you do me another favor too?" Johnny dropped the wrench and turned to her, a dazed expression on his face. Bridget pulled his cock shaft completely out of  his trunks. It was completely stiff now, and she couldn't wait to feel it pushing into her pussy when she saw what a big one he had. Hungrily  she milked and jacked it with her fist.

"W-w-what," Johnny stammered. "That mattress over there. Would you pull it down for me? I like to be comfortable when I'm sucking a big, hard prick!" Johnny pulled away from her and crossed the garage, his  cock head starting to spit little droplets of pre-cum. Hurriedly he pulled the mattress down and stretched out on his back. He'd stripped naked  by the time Bridget reached him and his massive prick was throbbing obscenely over his stomach. "Ummmm, Johnny," mewled Bridget, kneeling beside his hip. "You really do have an awful big cock!" Again she wrapped her hand tightly around the pulsing base, holding his cock in position. Then the horny blonde dropped her head  and engulfed the knob of her cousin's big prick.

She opened her mouth wide, feeling the bulbous, spongy  crown push past her tonsils, down her tight throat. Bridget paused with  a full half of his prick between her lips, amazing Johnny with the capacity of her mouth. Then she clamped her lips around the turgid  shaft. Feverishly she started sucking his prick, giving her cousin the best head she could. Dazedly Johnny looked up at her, seeing the pink flush in her girlish cheeks as her lips clasped tightly around his cock. "Oh fuck,  Bridget!" He started to move his ass, sighing as the wet, sucking pressure enveloped his prick. "Work out now... work out on. . .oh, fuck!  Unh!"

Bridget bobbed her head, making wet popping, smacking  sounds as she greedily flicked her face with his cum-oozing cock. Her hand started to pump on the blood-engorged root of ills prick. Fast and  hard she beat his meat, pumping the loose flesh of his hard-on with a  tightly closed fist.

Her cousin's cock was so big and it tasteddelicious. The hot cock juice was oozing plentifully from the slit in the knob. Bridget took the shaft out of her throat just long enough to slurp it  up with her swiping tongue, thrusting it on the piss hole. Then she gurgled obscenely as she rammed his throbbing hard-on back down her  throat.

She sucked his prick much harder now, puckering her  cheeks to increase the pressure around his meat. Her wrist ached as she moved her fist in a blur up and down his burning cock, milking and  tugging. "Gonna cum," Johnny gasped. He thrust his hand behind her head, oblivious to the grease stains he left on her neck. "Suck it, littie  cousin! Unh, fuck it! My balls are gonna explode any second!"

Bridget pushed her free hand between his thighs, cupping his  nut bag. She rolled the twin globes in her fingers and started to suck her cousin's prick as hard as she could, shutting her eyes and thinking of  nothing but the big prick stretching her throat.

"Unh! Unh! Suck, suck hard! Ahhhhh, fuck!" The sap exploded, rushing up from his balls to cascade out of the tip of his prick. The first blast splattered on the roof of Bridget's  mouth, rolling down her tongue into her gullet. Then the initial shot was followed by long, sticky squirts of spunk. His jism was even more delicious than the flesh of his cock  meat. Bridget swallowed hungrily, relishing the musky, salty taste of her cousin's cum. Frantically her. hand worked on his gushing cocks beating all the jism out of his  aching pick.

"Oh, God," moaned Johnny deliriously, shaking his head  slowly back and forth as the last drops burned out of the tip of his cock. "What a good cock-sucker. . . Jesus.. fuck!" Bridget raised her head from his still throbbing hard-on, slurping up the cum from her ripe lips. "See, Johnny? That turned me on  just as much as it did you! God, my cunt's wet now. Feel it," She spread her legs, sitting on the mattress and pushing her crotch toward him. Johnny felt up the leg band of her cut-offs, then put  his hand on her crotch. It was very wet and hot.

"I need it licked, Johnny," Bridget said wantonly. "Please help  me take off my shorts. I need you, to lick my cunt!"

Johnny rose to his knees, pulling off his cousin's cut-offs and  leaving her naked from the waist down. Bridget stretched out on her back, wiggling her ass. Johnny spread her legs, staring at the curly  haired mound of her creamy cunt.

"Stick it, Johnny!" Bridget cried, grabbing his head. "Suck my  pussy!"

Johnny sprawled out on his stomach between her slim,  creamy-white legs. He pushed his hands under her hips, mauling her rounded ass cheeks with his grease-stained fingers. Then he sighed with pleasure as he buried his face in her throbbing cunt. "Nunh!" Bridget started humping her ass immediately, spreading her legs as wide as she could. "Suck it, Johnny! Suck my  baby cunt!"

Johnny pushed his tongue deeply between the pouting lips  of her hairy pussy. He lapped it up and down her cunt slit, greedily swallowing the fuck juices that drooled out of the depths of her wet  cunt. Then his tongue started to push onto her swollen clit. "Awwwww!" Bridget pushed her hand down, spreading her pussy petals with her fingers. "Yes, Johnny! Suck me there! Lick my  clit!"

Johnny started to lick the swollen bud, moving it with his  tongue. Bridget's ass danced off the old mattress. Now she was frantically fucking her throbbing pussy all over his face, unable to  restrain the humps and shivers of her incestuous passion.

"Gonna cum, Johnny! Suck me, lick me, lick my clit!" Johnny cruelly mauled her ass cheeks, delighting in the silky feel of the ball-bearing globes. His tongue pushed up on her clit, sliding  on the ultra-sensitive tip. Bridget hadn't lied about being horny all day at school. She'd been seething with desire before he'd ever pulled her  shorts off, and now she knew she was about to cum on his licking tongue.

"Lick it, Johnny, lick it good!" Her ass danced on his hands,  the cheeks quivering lewdly. "I'm cumming now! Suck my pussy, suck it. .cuuummmuiinnngggg!" The spasms flooded through her, making her cunt gush out fuck oil and the flowering lips throb on her cousin s lips. Johnny licked  up all of the pussy cream, slurping noisily at the swollen lips.. Then he rose to his hands and knees over her, ready to stab his big prick deep  inside her cunt. "Okay, Bridget," he panted. "Get ready for it, 'cause here it comes!" Bridget looked down, seeing the enormous shaft of cock meat throbbing obscenely over her stomach. Reaching down, she  grasped the meaty trunk and directed the juicy tip to her seething cunt.

"Push it in me, Johnny! Push it in my pussy! Unh unh, I need  to get fucked!"

The head was securely embedded in her pussy slit, and  Johnny could feel her cunt muscles sucking around the tip. He dropped his ass and sighed, spearing inch after inch of his bone-hard cock into  the buttery wetness of her cunt tunnel.

"Unggh! John-eeee! Your cock is so big?" Bridget twisted her  head back and forth mindlessly, wincing as she felt her pussy walls  stretching to accommodate the throbbing shaft. "You're fucking me, Johnny! You're fucking my cunt!"Johnny looked down, seeing the way her pussy hole sucked tightly around his invading cock. Slowly he sank on top of her, burying  every inch of his hard-on into her tight, syrupy pussy.

The pressure of her cunt walls was incredible, sucking  around him, milking the burning hardness of his prick. Lightly Johnny worked his ass, settling his rod all the way into her. Then he pulled out all the way, until only the tip of his cock parted her pussy lips. Slowly he buried it back into her cunt again. Then  he fell into a steady, driving fuck rhythm, frantically working his lean ass  between her thighs, fucking her pussy with long, driving strokes of his blood-swollen cock. "You're fucking me! Harder, fuck hard!"

Bridget reached down, grabbing his ass cheeks, clawing  them in a desperate attempt to get more of his cock inside her. She kicked her slim legs high in the air before shutting them around his  back, opening up her hairy pussy for the Steely shaft of his prick.

Then the teenaged blonde started to hump her ass frantically  off the mattress, pounding her wet, gushing pussy onto his cock. "Fuck me," she panted. "What a big one! Fuck me with it! Hard, do it hard!" Johnny's balls slapped heavily on the crack of her heaving ass and he could already feel a fresh load of jism boiling inside them.  Dropping his head between her neck and shoulder, he started to ream  out her cunt as hard as he could, pounding his cock head all the way up to her womb with every frantic thrust. "I'm gonna cum, Johnny! Unh, fuck, I'm cumming on you!" Bridget was mad with pleasure, raking her fingernails from his pounding  ass up his muscular back. "Fuck me! fuck my brains out! Ungh! Oh God, fuck it, I'm cumming, I'm cuuummmiiinnngggg!" The spasms jetted through her pussy, making her cunt walls clamp like a vise around the boy's thrusting cock, as the cream gushed  from the depths of her seething pussy. Johnny felt the tight pressure  around his prick and stopped trying to hold back his wad. Collapsing on her belly, he slammed his cock as far into her pussy as it would go. The hot jism gushed up from his nuts, erupting into her tight; gooey pussy. Bridget gasped as she felt the torrent of cum squirting into  her, bathing the ravished walls of her pussy channel with hot jism.

Slowly Johnny worked his ass, letting his wad drain off  completely into the milking sheath of her cunt. Bridget almost had to suppress a giggle as his prick finally softened inside her. Boy, that was easy, she thought vixenishly. Now all she had to do was figure out a way of seducing her Uncle Steve, too!


CHAPTER TEN

"Hi, Uncle Steve!" Bridget said brightly. "I guess you couldn't  sleep too, huh? Mind if I watch some television with you?"

It was very very late at night, and the only light on in the  Madison house was the wan glow from the television set in the den. Steve sat facing it blearily, dressed only in an old bathrobe, a drink at his  side. He looked drunkenly over his shoulder at his niece, seeing first her blue jeans and sweater before her head and long, blonde hair came into  view. "Bridget! What're you doing here so late? I thought you'd be fast asleep in the cottage." "Oh, I just let myself in. You don't mind, do you? I couldn't get to sleep. I was hopingy ou'd be watching TV so I could watch with you."

Steve patted the cushion beside him and Bridget joined her  uncle on the couch. The show was apparently one of the endless crime drama re-runs the networks showed late at night. Steve didn't look very  interested in it. He looked pretty loaded.

"Do you get insomnia a lot, Uncle Steve?" "Oh, no. Just once in a while." Steve took a long swallow of gin and glanced at his niece. "You know how it is." "Were you thinking about Tammy?" Steve gulped down the gin and frowned as he thought of his daughter. "Yeah. Yeah, I was thinking about Tammy." "You shouldn't be so angry with her, Uncle Steve. She just likes to have fun." "Fun!" Steve exploded. "Fun! Is that her idea of having fun? Going into the drive-in, drinking herself sick, having sex with any boy  who wants to get into those goddamn tight pants of hers and get a little feel of pussy; uh, sorry about the language, Bridget."

"Oh, that's okay, Uncle Steve." Bridget deliberately wiggled  her ass a little closer to him. "My dad swears all the time."

Steve shrugged. "God damn it, I just get so. . . so fucking  exasperated with her! As pretty and intelligent as she is, she could be  any.. any goddamn thing she wanted to be, I swear to Christ. And all she wants to do is . . . is fuck her brains out like some cheaptramp. You've no idea what she's capable of, Bridget, a decent girl like you." Bridget managed to suppress an amused smile. "Don't be hard on yourself about it, Uncle Steve. Tammy's not a kid. She's her own  person."

"Well, I just can't help it! She's my daughter. I swear . . . "  Steve took another healthy swallow, the ice cubes clinking in the glass. "I just can't help but take it personally, like I haven't been a good enough  parent to her." "Oh, Uncle Steve, don't feel that way! I'd be so happy to have a big, beautiful, handsome daddy like you!" Fully aware of what she was doing, Bridget wrapped her arms around her uncle's shoulders and gave him a long, wet kiss on the  cheek. Then she slid down his torso, her arms wrapped around his stomach and her cheek pressing on the outline of his cock through the  robe.

"Ummmm, and you're so warm, too! You don't mind if I hug  you, do you, Uncle Steve?"

"Go 'head," replied the inebriated uncle. A silent minute passed, quiet except for the sound of Steve gulping down his big drink. Bridget pressed her head on his crotch,  trying to judge the size of his cock. She could feel the tube of prick meat  on her face through the bathrobe, and it was obviously an awfully big one.Careful not to disturb his drunken reverie as he watched the TV program, Bridget began to wiggle her cheek lightly on his crotch  bulge. Her efforts were rewarded. Soon the big cock started to swell and grow, until Bridget could feel its thickness poking through the wool. But Steve was so drunk that he didn't seem to knew he was getting an enormous hard-on. Soon his prick was as hard as stone, and  Bridget realized that it was an even bigger cock than her father's! Slowly she changed the position of her hand around his waist until her fingers  touched the sash holding his bathrobe together. Carefully she undid it  and the robe fell open easily.

"This isn't too comfortable, Uncle Steve. Let me..." Bridget sat up, at the same time forcing the halves of his bathrobe to pull apart. It took the drunken father a moment to realize that  his naked chest, stomach and crotch were completely exposed, his gigantic, rock-hard prick looming up like a length of iron pipe. "Oh, Uncle Steve!" Bridget clapped her hand over her mouth in pretend shock. "What's that?" "Oh fuck. . ."

Steve deposited the drink on the table and hurriedly tried to  pull his bathrobe back together. Then his eyes bulged in shock as his teenaged niece wrapped her fist tightly around the meaty root of his  cock. "Oh, Uncle Steve!" Bridget gushed. "What a big fucking prick!"

"Bridget! Jesus God. . ." Steve backed his ass into the couch, looking at her wildly, clutching his hotly throbbing prick, the horny blonde slid to her knees  on the floor. By now she was too horny to wait anymore. She swooped down, Opening her mouth wide and stuffing her buttery throat with the  first several inches of her uncle's enormous cock.

"Bridget! Holy fuck!" Steve stared down at her dazedly, for the moment too  shocked to move a muscle to stop her. But Bridget knew he would try to push her away, and that she had to act fast. Fortunately, she had  absolute confidence in her cocksucking abilities. She knew she'd soon have her uncle so horny that he'd beg to blow his wad down her throat. Now she had to give him the best blow-job she possibly could. Her hand tightened around the root of his cock then started jacking on it fast and very hard. Sharply Bridget puckered her cheeks,  gurgling obscenely as she increased the suctioning pressure around his prick. Wildly she bobbed her head, fucking her face, sucking his big  cock as hard as she could.

"Oh Bridget, what're you doing to me? You're a good girl!  Goddamn, you're my fucking niece! Steve just sat there, transfixedly studying the hot blush in his niece's pretty cheeks andthe obscene way her lips stretched to engulf his throbbing cock. Then the intense pleasure of the violent cock-sucking started to get to him. A  trembling spasm shot through his hip as his cock convulsed in her mouth, drawn out by the incredible suction of her lips, the pleasure of  her slurping, smacking tongue. Steve shuddered as the cock juice started to seep out, drooling from the open piss slit. "I can't believe you're doing this to me, Bridget," he moaned. "Unh! Thought you were gooood..." Then his hands came down, holding the back of her head.  Bridget knew she had the seduction in the bag when he started bucking his hips, fucking his long, thick hard-on down her throat. Bridget kept sucking his cock as hard as she could, hearing the slurping, smacking sounds of her own head-job fill the den,  drowning out even the television. Then she suddenly popped the huge cock out of her mouth, continuing to jack on it as she pressed the drippy  knob on her cheek, looking up at her uncle with mischievous, lust-smoldering eyes. "I'm sorry I was a bad girl. Uncle Steve. But your big cock looked so juicy! I just had to put it in my mouth and suck on it for a while.  Do you want me to stop?"

"No," Steve moaned submissively. Again he twisted his  fingers in her hair, pulling her face down to his prick. "Suck on it! Oh  Christ, suck out all the cum!"

Triumphantly the blonde teenager dropped her mouth back onto his hard-on. This time she nearly gagged as she crammed a full half  of the enormous boner down her throat. Bridget flared her nostrils for air and started sucking cock harder than ever, swiping her tongue quickly  around the stone-stiff shaft.

"Gonna cum," Steve groaned, humping his ass. "Suck it,  bitch! Jack on it . . . oh, fuck!"

Bridget wanted him to cum, badly wanted to drink his wad as  it erupted from his balls. So she knew she had to play with them a while  to coax out the cum.

Pushing her free hand between his hairy legs, the horny  teenager clutched the hairy, wrinkled sac of his nuts; His balls were huge, two tangerine-sized globes swollen to bursting with a heavy load  of jizz. Lewdly Bridget rolled and fondled them, simultaneously sucking and beating his meat. "Shooting, honey! It's coming up!" Steve pulled her hair and bucked his hips mechanically off the couch. "Cummmmming.  Ahhhhhhh!"

A huge geyser of jism squirted out of his spongy cock head,  gushing down Bridget's throat. Then his balls emptied themselves completely of their creamy load. Again and again the hot, milky cum shot out of his throbbing  cock, splattering on the roof of her mouth and sliding luridly down her throat. His cum wasn't as sweet and tasty as her daddy's, Bridget  thought, but it was awfully close.

Obscenely-wet, slurping sounds came from the back of her  throat as she started swallowing greedily sucking and milking his erupting prick. Bridget didn't take her lips away until she'd drained off all  of the cum, and his spunk-milked cock twitched over his thigh.

"Ohhhhh, God!" Steve just sat there sighing, moaning as his  prick continued to tingle and pulse. "Can't believe. . . can't believe you did that to me. Oh, fuck!" "I guess I really am a bad girl, aren't I, Uncle Steve? I'm just as  bad as Tammy!"

Bridget rose to her feet, kicking off her tennis shoes. She  stripped off her sweater, showing her dazed uncle her naked tits. Then she skinned off her tight blue jeans, and Steve saw that she didn't have  any panties on, either. His eyes bulged again at the sight of her very hairy pussy bush, almost concealing the dripping-wet slit within. "Now you get to suck me, Uncle Steve! I'm horny too! Here! Suck my pussy!" Standing before him, the slim blonde brazenly lifted one leg, planting her foot on the armrest of the sofa. Then she cupped the back  of his head and thrust her hips forward, grinding her hairy pussy hole onto her uncle's mouth. "Unh, I'm so horny! Suck my cunt, Uncle Steve! Suck out all the juice!" Steve inhaled deeply, relishing the indescribable, musky aroma of wet pussy. Hehesitated a moment, then slid his hands up, her bare legs to cup her ass cheeks. Then he pushed out his tongue, rooting it into her pussy hole,  licking up the delicious fuck juices drooling from the depths of her cunt slit. "Ahhhh! Ahhh, Suck!" Bridget's tongue lolled out obscenely as she watched her uncle eat her out, her face contorting with  incestuous passion. "Lick it good, Uncle Steve!" Her fingers tightened on the back of his head, her long nails digging into his neck. "Suck my  pussy! Suck it good!" Steve started lapping up and down her cunt slit, spearing his tongue deep inside the pink channel. Bridget couldn't wait for him to get  around to licking her clit. She pushed her fingers through her pussy bush and exposed the swollen pink nubbin, drawing back her flowering  cunt lips.

"Lick me there, Uncle Steve! Nnnnnggg, lick my fucking clit!" Steve pushed his tongue onto it, making his niece gasp and buck her ass as if she'd been shot. Then he started licking her clit,  delicately pushing the swollen, pea-sized bud, to and fro with his tongue. "Put your fingers in me! I need to get hand fucked!"

Sliding his hand from her thrusting ass, Steve pushed his  fingers slowly into the clasping sheath of her pussy.. He started to jack  her off, simultaneously closing his lips around her clit.

"I'm cumming, Uncle Steve! I'm gonna cream on your mouth!"

Steve sucked her clit hard, drawing it out with his suctioning  lips. He flicked his tongue on the tip as he jammed two fingers to the knuckles in her hot, drippy, throbbing pussy hole. "Cumming!" Now Bridget felt even her asshole spasming as the pleasure thrills flooded her naked body. "Lick it, lick it good! Suck on  it! Oh fuck, Uncle Steeeeve! I'm cuuummmmiiiiggggg..."

Her cunt exploded, drenching his mouth with oozing fuck  oils. Steve pushed his tongue back into her throbbing pussy, not  wanting to miss a single drop of her delicious cunt cream. Then he went back to sucking her clit and jacking her off, guiding her through the  tingling peaks of her orgasm.

"Ah! Ah, fuck! That's enough! I can't take anymore!" Bridget pulled back, panting hard as she stood before her uncle. Still dazed by the whole incestuous experience, Steve sat back  on the couch. Bridget drooled over the sight of his naked cock. It was still as hard as stone, throbbing stiffly aver his belly. Her pussy seethed  as she thought of cramming the meaty prick into her tight pussy.

"I'm gonna fuck it, Uncle Steve," she mewled. "I'm gonna fuck  my cunt with your big fucking prick!"

She climbed on top of him, straddling himas he sat on the couch. Bridget's knees slammed down on the cushions to either side of his hips, with her pussy bush hovering over his  cum-drooling cock;

Reaching down, the slim teen grasped his turgid cock  grasped and directed the spongy tip to the narrow slit of her cunt hole.

"Ahhhhh. ." Lewdly the girl rubbed his knob up and down her  pussy, thrusting it oh her clit. "Put it in me, Uncle Steve! Put it up my cunt!" Groaning, Steve grasped his huge rod and directed the meaty  crown to the throbbing folds of her pussy hole. Immediately Bridget dropped her ass. Then she shuddered as she felt the huge cock boring  into her, slowly spreading the pink walls of her fuck channel around the invading thickness of his rock-hard cock. "Unhhh! Uncle Steeeve! You've got a big one! Unhhhhh .."

Her ass squirmed, twisting and humping, forcing all of his  cock inside her. Bridget held his brawny shoulders and sat on his prick hard, taking all of it into her creamy pussy. Then she started to fuck  herself on it, frantically bouncing her ass up and down on the spearing pole of his enormous cock. "Fuck me, fuck me," she panted, her tits heaving. "Horny, so horny! Fuck my hairy cunt!" Steve looked down, seeing the way her humping motions  made his throbbing cock appear and disappear into the matted curls fringing her cock-gorged pussy. He held her ass cheeks, digging his fingers cruelly into the  peach-shaped cheeks. Then he started humping, slamming his big cock in and out of her tight, buttery cunt. "Fuck me, fuck harder!" Now Bridget was really working out, humping like a bitch in heat as she felt the spasms starting again deep  inside her cock-filled pussy. "I said fuck me! Fuck harder! I'm so horny, Uncle Steve! Fuck my pussy as hard as you can!" Steve started fucking her savagely, forgetting all guilt and  shame as he rammed his enormous, aching cock into her cunt tunnel as hard as he could. Bridget felt every thrust battering her pussy hole, the knob punching against her womb opening. It was like being fucked by a  horse, she thought dizzily. And she was going to cum all over the horse's cock, too! "I'm making it," she panted. "Gonna cum... any fucking second!" Steve fucked into her even harder, making the couch skitter on the floor. By now the sound of the heaving cushions and the wet  flesh slapping together had completely drowned out the television. Bridget felt her pussy tunnel burning and throbbing, the slippery walls  milking uncontrollably around his massive cock. "I'm cuming, Uncle Steve!" She left red welts with her fingernails on his shoulders asshe worked her ass like a machine, relentlessly pounding her hairy fuck slit onto his cum drooling prick. "Fuck me! I'm cumming now, right now!  Cuuummmiiinnnggg!"

Her pussy creamed, the clit bud tingling and the velvety  sheath clamping forcefully around her uncle's cock. Steve groaned and pushed his ass off the couch. The cum started spouting, rushing up  from his balls, squirting torrentially into his niece's wet, hairy cunt.

Bridget felt the jism squirting into her pussy, bathing the inner  walls with the sappy seed of her uncle's spunk. Hornily she flexed her  cunt hole around his prick, milking out all the cock juice.

A lewd smile curled her lips as she felt his cock finally  softening inside her. So Uncle Steve had always thought she was a good girl, huh? Maybe now he wouldn't be so hard on Tammy!

CHAPTER ELEVEN

The next morning Steve awakened sick and had to stay home  from work. His wife Lana was concerned by this because her husband had always been very healthy. Only Bridget might have guessed that the  illness was psychosomatic, a simple result of guilt for fucking his teenaged niece the night before. And Steve's condition only worsened when he learned that Tammy would stay home from school to take care of him. Cal had to  work, and Bridget had an important test in school. Likewise, Lana had  an important appointment with a guidance counselor about her son. She wasn't about to tell her husband that there really wasn't any guidance  counselor, that it

was just an excuse so that she and Johnny could rent another motel room and spend the whole day fucking. So Tammy got to spend the whole day with her ailing father, and her pussy burned at the mere thought. Her fuck lust for her dad had  grown stronger and stronger since she'd awakened him that afternoon with a blow job. What a big, fat cock her father had! Maybe now she'd get the long-awaited opportunity to take it into her juicy cunt.

"Goddamn it," Steve muttered. "Do you have to dress like a whore in your own house?" "Now, Daddy," Tammy pouted. "What's wrong with the way I dress?" Steve sat up under the sheets, his bare chest showing as he frowned around a thermometer in his mouth. Tammy wiggled her hips  enticingly as she entered the bedroom, carrying a tray of cold cuts. All she had on was a nightie that barely covered her pussy triangle,  showing all of her naked, shapely legs.

It was an old cotton nightie with the fabric worn very thin.  Tammy's big tits stretched the front obscenely, the braless melons jiggling as she moved. The shape and color of her fat, rosy nipples were  completely visible through it. "Look at that," Steve muttered. "Can't you even wear any underwear?""Now, Daddy..."

Tammy put the tray of cold cuts on the nightstand next to the  glass of milk he hadn't touched, and sat on the edge of the bed. She took a deep breath, making her D-cup tits push through the nightie.  Then she leaned forward and brushed her titties on her father's arm as she slowly pulled the thermometer from his mouth. "101," she said softly. "You've been a bad boy, Daddy."

"Don't talk to me like that, goddamnit!" Steve growled. "Oh, Daddy, what's wrong with the way I talk?" Pouting her lips playfully, the stacked teenager sat back on the bed and carelessly lifted her feet onto it, facing her father as she sat  back on her hands. Then she slowly spread her legs, giving him an unobstructed view under the skimpy hem of her nightie. Steve's eyes  bulged as he saw the very hairy triangle of her pink, juicy cunt.

"Jesus, Tammy!" he groaned. "Where the hell do you get off  running around without your panties on?"

"I'm in my own house, Daddy. Where do you get off looking at  my pussy?"

Chuckling, the wanton girl slowly pulled up her nightie until  the hem was almost around her waist, giving her father an even better view of her cunt. Steve gasped, but Tammy knew he was too sick to  push her off the mattress unless she really infuriated him. Slowly she pushed her hand between her legs, lightly scratching her swollen pussy lips as he watched. "Tammy! Stop that!"

"But it's so hot, Daddy." She wiggled her ass, pouting. "It's so  hot and itchy. Daddy, won't you let me suck your big fucking cock again?" "G-g-goddamn it!" Steve sputtered. "I don't want you to even mention that again! I don't know how in the world you ever got the nerve  to . . . if you ever mention that again I'm going to ground you until you're  old enough to collect Social Security!"

"Aw, Daddy..." Tammy brazenly pushed her hand into the top of her nightie and her father's eyes bulged even wider as she pulled out one big,  creamy white tit. Lifting the massive melon, Tammy managed to tongue the stiff, crinkled nipple a bit before her father suddenly leaned forward  and shoved her off the bed.

"Out!" he shrieked. "Little slut! Get out of this bedroom!" Laughing, Tammy left the bedroom, not bothering to shut the door behind her. Steve glowered after her for a moment, then furiously  punched the pillow and propped it up under his head.

His eyes closed, the, milk and cold cuts forgotten, he settled  off to sleep. Goddamn horny daughter, he thought furiously. Maybe he'd  just forget his problems with Tammy if he took a long nap.


But he didn't forget about Tammy, even though he had no problem falling asleep. It was his dreams that betrayed him. When  Tammy re-entered the bedroom a half-hour later to get the tray, she immediately saw the enormous hard-on tenting the sheets as her father  slept, stretched out on his back.

"Oh, wow!" Tammy whispered. She still wore the same slinky nightie, and her big tits jiggled  as she walked barefoot across the bedroom. Standing beside the bed, Tammy looked at her dad's sleeping face, then dropped her gaze to his  enormous hard-on. Before her eyes it twitched and pulsed under the sheets. She would have loved to know what he was dreaming about. Hardly hesitating a moment, the horny vixen took the sheets and gently pulled them to the foot of the bed. Her father was naked, his  body lean and hairy. The gigantic hard-on thrust out of his cock fur, quivering obscenely over his stomach. Looking at her daddy's cock, Tammy felt her pussy burning uncontrollably. Then a lewd smile made her face shine with desire. Well,  this would be worth getting grounded for. Her daddy was about to get fucked! Swiftly the stacked teen pulled off the nightie, leaving herself  naked. She climbed onto the bed, being careful not, to disturb her dad. Then she straddled him as he lay on his back, planting her knees on the mattress to either  side of his hips. Reaching between her sleek thighs, Tammy grasped his pulsing hard-on and directed the spongy knob to the hairy slit of her  cunt.

With some effort she pushed, it inside herself, groaning as  she felt her wet cunt stretch to admit the bloated tip. Tammy leaned forward, lightly holding his shoulders, her big tits swinging over his  chest. Then she pushed her ass down, shuddering as inch after inch of  his gigantic cock bored into the greasy, clinging sheath of her cunt channel. "Urn, Daddy! Daddy, Daddy."

Steve didn't open his eyes, but he smiled lightly in his sleep.  "Mmmmm . . . Bridget!" he groaned.

Tammy wanted to laugh out loud. So her daddy was  dreaming about her prissy cousin! He'd either fucked her already or he wanted to fuck her! He wasn't such a pinnacle of morality after all. "It's not Bridget, Daddy," she purred. "You're fucking your own daughter!" Tammy squeezed his shoulders hard now, rhythmically humping her ass. Steve's eyes started to flutter as she ground her tight  pussy hole on the very root of his cock. He awakened just as she was  fucking herself on it, pounding her wet, hairy cunt up and down on her father's gigantic prick."Tammy... good Christ!"

"Wake up, Daddy!" Tammy squealed. Harder and faster she  fucked herself, gasping as her father's huge cock head pounded on the opening of her womb. "This is part of your treatment too! You'll get  better real fast if you just . . . unk! . . fuck my tight cunt . . ."

Steve just gaped up at her for a moment, unable to believe his  eyes. He saw the agonized desire in his daughter's pretty face, her huge tit melons bouncing and jiggling, and felt the pressure of her slippery  pussy sheath milking around his stone-hard cock. Then his face contorted into the angriest expression Tammy had ever seen. At first she thought he was really going to beat her this  time, but she was happily surprised when his rage took another direction. Grabbing her by the hips, Steve suddenly swung their bodies around, dropping his daughter on her back, his cock still deep inside  her. Now they were in the missionary position, and Tammy squealed in ecstasy as her father savagely started to fuck the shit out of her tight  teenaged cunt.

"Little whore!" he bellowed, right in her face. "Do you like to  fuck? Is that it, you little slut? Well, I'm going to fuck the hell out of you! Okay? Okay, you bitch!" "Yes, Daddy! Oh, yes!" Steve rode high up between her spread eagled thighs, with his cock crammed to thehilt in the juicy wetness of her teenaged pussy. His prick was huge and hard as a bone. He dropped his torso, flattening her huge tits under his  hairy chest, cradling his head between her neck and shoulder then he violently started to pound his gigantic prick into his daughter's gurgling  cunt hole, immediately fucking her tight pussy as hard as he could.

Tammy loved being fucked hard and fast, but her father's  cock was so enormous that he was actually hurting her. She grunted, wincing as her pussy walls stretched and tore around the invading  shaft. "Not so hard! Daddy, you're hurting meeeee!"

"Kill you, you slut," Steve grunted. He just fucked her even  harder, panting and sweating as he heaved his aching prick into her buttery cunt. "What's the matter, Tammy? I thought you liked getting  fucked? Don't tell me I'm doing it too hard for you? Huh?"

"Unhhhhh! Daaaady!" Squealing; the big titted teenager  shook her head mindlessly back and forth beneath him, shuddering as the bone-jarring cock thrusts ravished her cunt. "Unggghhh! Stop!  Unggghhhh!"

But Steve was so horny and enraged that he hardly heard  her. His hands slid down her slim waist, cupping the sides of her quivering ass cheeks. Then he started fucking her even harder,  pounding his cock into her pussy like he was trying to hammer it  through her back.

"Like it? Like it, bitch?" he panted on her shoulder. "You like to get fucked, don't you? You want your own fucking father to do it to  you! Well, Daddy's fucking you now! Daddy's fucking the holy shit out of you!" Then Tammy started to like it.

The pounding thrusts of her father's cock sent throbbing  vibrations shooting through her loins, racking her asshole and belly and cock stuffed pussy with the animal sensations of fucking. Tammy knew  she'd never been fucked so brutally in her life. The pain was gone now. Those nerve endings had dulled to the constant, jarring strokes of her father's enormous prick. Now there  was only intense pleasure. It filled her whole naked body, seeming to flow out of her womb to warm and wet the outer lips of her pussy. Tammy had always thought that all pleasure was centered in her clit, tantalizing it as it rubbed the thrusting shaft of a man's hard  cock. But now she felt something else, something deeper. A pussy cum, she thought deliriously, as she lay helplessly on the mattress beneath  her wildly fucking father. A cum that started deep inside her cunt.

Tammy just lay there, trying not to respond to his rapid  thrusts, her legs spread and her knees up around his shoulders, spread-eagled, letting him fuck her as hard as he liked. "Oh, Daddy.. . ungghhh!" "Do you like it? Like it, you whore?"

Steve panted out the filthy words, punishing her with the bone-shaking, thrusts of his enormous cock. "I don't fuck your mother like this! This is  how I fuck a slut! Like being a slut? Huh?"

"Dad-deeeee!" Tammy flung her thighs together, locking them around the middle of his heaving, muscular back. Then she grunted as she started  pumping her wet, hairy pussy onto his huge prick as fast as she could, desperately trying to meet his strokes. "Unh! Fuck me, Daddy, fuck, fuck, fuck!" Tammy raked her  long fingernails down his back, clawing the cheeks of his ass. "Harder! Fuck me harder! Kill me with your big prick!" Shocked by her obscenities, Steve mustered up all his energy, slamming his throbbing cock furiously into his teenaged  daughter's cunt. But now Tammy whipped up her ass to meet every stroke, groaning wantonly as she ground her pussy hole onto his prick.  And her pussy was throbbing and juicing uncontrollably.

"Cumming, Daddy!" she shrieked. "Cumming on your big  fucking prick! Haaarder! Kill me with it! Love to fuck, oh Daddy! Awwwww! Cuummmiiinnngggg!" The spasms burst through her, making her pussy tunnel contract like a vise around the stabbing stiffness of her daddy's cock.  Again and again the white-hot waves of pleasure flooded through her, in  the most intense, driving cum she'd ever had in her life.

The fuck juice gushed out of her pussy, surrounding her father's pistoning cockmeat. Again and again her cunt throbbed,  spasming uncontrollably around his stone-hard cock until Steve felt as if even his balls were being sucked into her wet, syrupy cunt. "Oh, Tammy. . ."

Then he collapsed between her thighs, and then his cock  exploded with the biggest load of jism Tammy had ever taken in her life! A whole gusher of the milky spunk shot out of his prick head, blasting all  the way up her cunt. "Dad-deeee!"

Tammy felt all the cum squirting into her, shooting out of his  bloated cock head in one geyser of jism after another. Steve groaned as his balls drained off their racking load. There was so much jism that it  squirted out of her ravished pussy around his mammoth cock, puddling thickly on the bed beneath her humping ass. And little squirts of cock juice kept flooding out of her father's cock. Slowly Steve worked his ass, draining his wad completely in his  daughter's silken cunt. Then he pulled out of her pussy and collapsed exhausted on his back. "Oh, God!" he groaned.

Dazedly he stared up at the ceiling, obviously unable to  believe how willingly and angrily he had fucked his teenaged daughter's  cunt. Tammy looked at him sympathetically, wanting to tell him how much she'd enjoyed and encouraged the savage fuck.

Finally she curled up on her side by his hip and girlishly put  her hand on his wilting prick.

"Don't do that," Steve murmured with surprising gentleness.  "Tammy . . . we've done enough ..."

"No we haven't, Daddy. I liked it. I want to fuck some more." Steve glanced down at his daughter in surprise. Tammy rested her cheek on his hairy stomach. She held up the softening cock  and popped the first several inches into her mouth. Her father's cock was slimy with a combination of cunt cream and salty jism, and Tammy thought the two tasted heavenly together.  Puckering her cheeks, she started to suck her daddy's cock very hard, rolling her, tongue rhythmically around the spongy knob to lick off all  the goo.

"Oh, Tammy!" Steve moaned as he watched her give, him  head. "Don't you think . . . Don't you think we ought to stop now? Haven't we done enough?" Tammy shook her head with the big cock still stuffed in her mouth. She was desperate to make it stiff again, so she started sucking  as hard as she could.

Her whole face flushed as she gave her daddy a blow-job,  shutting her eyes, concentrating on nothing but the big prick between  her lips. Soon her efforts were rewarded, as his over-sized cock meat began to twitch and throb with fresh blood.Tammy wrapped her fingers tightly around the root of his swelling cock. She started jacking on it fast and hard, milking and  tugging the blood back into his shaft. Bigger and stronger her father's hard-on grew. Soon it was again as hard as iron, by far the biggest cock  that she'd ever sucked.

Realizing that he'd gone too far to stop, this time Steve gave  in easily to the cock-sucking pleasure. "Ohhh, Tammy!" He slid his hands down, curling his fingers into her hair. "Suck on it, baby . . that  feels good . ." Now that his cock was so big and hard, Tammy could only stuff the first several inches into her mouth, her lips stretched to  bursting around his prick. Sitting up, crouching on her knees beside his hips, she devoted all her attention to the blow-job. Her head bobbed, lightly fucking her face with her father's enormous prick. Tammy beat his meat as hard as she could. She could  hear the slurping, smacking sounds of her own juicy head-job filling the bedroom, and she knew her father could hear them too. "Unh! Unh!" Steve held her head tighter, wincing and gasping as his big prick started to pulse wildly down her throat. "Yes! Oh honey,  that's so fucking good! You give the best blow-job! Unh!"

Suddenly Tammy pulled up her head, letting the completely  stiffened cock throb and pulse and ooze jism onto his stomach.  Hurriedly she got on her hands and knees on the big bed, with her ass facing him.

"Fuck me, Daddy!" Tammy dropped her shoulders, pressing  her cheek on the mattress. She spread her knees wide, then reached behind her to spread her silky ass cheeks, exposing the pink, puckered  ring of her asshole.

"Jesus," Steve groaned. "Fuck my asshole, Daddy!" Shamelessly the horny teen flexed her ass muscles, making the sphincter pulse and pucker inwards  as her father watched. "I've been a bad girl. You need to punish me.  Hurry, Daddy! I need to get my asshole fucked!"

Steve quickly crawled onto his knees, forgetting his sickness  as his cock bobbed and twitched stiffly before him. Holding the meaty trunk in his big hand, he mounted his daughter, bending forward to fit  the rosy knob onto the rubbery ring of her asshole.

"Yes, Daddy! Fuck my ass!" He pushed forward, embedding the first two inches of his enormous cock into the forbidden warmth of his daughter's ass tunnel.  Tammy bit her lip as she felt the painful stretching in her asshole but it felt good-very good. Her asshole always got really juicy and tender when she was super-horny, and her father's cock was drippy with saliva and pussy  juice and cum. No additional lubrication was necessary. Bunching over  her, Steve held onto her hips for support. Then he started to stab the big prick into her, cramming inch afterinch of his hard-on into the tight tunnel between her ass cheeks.

"Aw, Daaaddy!" Tammy started humping, pushing out her puckered asshole to help her dad cram his cock into her ass. The pain was still there, but  he'd already shown her how good pain could feel when he'd violently fucked her cunt. And her asshole was spreading open, accommodating him, and the pleasure was getting better and better. Tammy clawed the  sheets, shuddering as he got a full half of his enormous prick into her  asshole. And he still kept fucking behind her, driving the big cock in...

"Unh, Daddy! Unh unh unh..." Tammy humped faster,  constantly pushing out her asshole, wanting all of her father's cock inside her churning ass guts. "It's so big and fat! Fuck me with it! Oh  Daddy, I'm taking your cock up my ass!"

Steve winced with pleasure, feeling the extreme tightness of  her ass channel milking around his prick. Slowly he sawed it into her bowels until it was buried to the balls inside her, with the pink ring  stretched painfully around the root of his enormous cock.

"Awwwww. . ." Tammy fell flat on her belly, squashing her tits  on the sheets. Her asshole pulsed uncontrollably, nursing the steely hardness of her father's prick. Slowly Steve pulled out, feeling her rubbery ass walls drag  needfully around his cock, until only the knob parted her puckered ass ring. Then he pushed it back into his daughter's asshole. It was easier now, her asshole had loosened just  enough to take his huge cock.

"Fuck me, Daddy!" Tirelessly Tammy humped beneath him,  feeling her pussy burn in sympathy with the huge cock spearing into her ass. "Fuck me, fuck me!" Steve fell into a steady fuck rhythm, sawing his bloated prick in and out between her shivering, milk-white ass cheeks. Tammy was  instantly in heaven, overwhelmed with the intense pleasure of being  ass-fucked by such an enormous cock.

"Yes, Daddy, yes!" She thrust her hand under her belly, groping through her pussy curls for the opening of her cunt slit. The pussy hole was awash  with juice. Tammy started to finger-fuck herself, rolling her clit under her thumb, stabbing two fingers into her sopping-wet pussy, grunting every  time her father hammered his cock into her throbbing ass tunnel.

"Harder, Daddy," she yelped. "I can take it now! Fuck my ass  off, fuck haaard!"

Giving in to the pleasure of incestuous sodomy, Steve started  to pound-his stone-hard cock into her asshole as hard as he could. Continually his prick grew and, swelled inside her asshole, becoming as  hard as a board. It stretched her asshole completely, overwhelming the  teen with the size of her father's cock, until Tammy thought she could feel the cumseeping cock head pounding into her knotted up stomach.

"Gonna cum, Daddy!" Wildly she pounded her fingers into her  juicy, throbbing pussy, feeling the tingling spasms erupting from her swollen clit. "Gonna cum on your big, fat prick! I love it, Daddy! Unh! I  love getting my asshole fucked!"

No longer trying to restrain himself, Steve reamed out his  daughter's asshole even harder than before. He fucked his huge cock into her ass guts like a machine, painfully stretching her ass ring as he  whipped his cock in and out between the pear-shaped ass cheeks. "Cumming, Daddy! Unh! I'm cumming on it!" Tammy quivered and shook uncontrollably as the spasms flowered inside her, humping  her asshole frantically on the impaling shaft of her father's cock. "Nunh! Keep fucking me, Daddy! Harder, oh fuck, I'm cuming now! Love your  prick, Daaaa-deee, I'm cuummmiiinnnggg!"

Her asshole contracted, sharply milking around the veined  stiffness of his jackhammering cock. Sighing, Steve collapsed on her naked, sweating body, burying his prick all the way into her lewdly  throbbing asshole.

The second load of cock juice flooded out of his cock, and  Tammy instantly knew that there'd been a lot more cum left in his balls after all. Again and again it geysered out of his piss slit, deluging his  daughter's burning asshole with streams of sticky, sappy spunk.


"Unh, Daddy!" Hornily Tammy flexed her ass muscles, milking out all of her father's cum load. A happy smile spread across her  face as she felt the jism splattering deep inside her asshole.

Her father couldn't resist her now, she knew, not after fucking  her cunt and asshole so hard. It overjoyed, her to know that she could now fuck her willing daddy as much as she liked.

CHAPTER TWELVE

A few days later, Lana was sprinkling garnish on a big  casserole when her son Johnny came home from school. The first thing he did was drop his school books on the kitchen floor and walk up to  his big-titted mother, wrapping his arms around her waist and dry-humping an obviously big, stiff cock on her ass. "I want it bad, Mom," he murmured, leaning forward to whisper his obscenities in her ear. "I had a big hard-on thinking about  your cunt all day in school!" "Oh, son!"

Lana sighed and pressed back onto him, feeling his stiff cock  throbbing on the crack of her ass. Already her pussy was burning and juicing, seeping through her panty crotch. Since the first time in the kitchen, Lana had fucked her teenaged son every chance she could. But their longest fuck sessions  usually took place in motels. Lana was desperately afraid of being caught by her daughter or . . worst of all . . . her husband.

"Johnny, you can't do it to me now," she squealed. "Tammy's  upstairs! And we can't go to a motel. I've got to make dinner!" "The basement," Johnny moaned. "Let's go into the basement. Mom, I've got to have it. My prick's so fucking hard, it hurts!" As far as Lana was concerned, those were the magic words. The mental image of her son s mammoth hard-on flooded her mind. . a  long, stiff, steely hunk of cock meat, oozing juice from the tip. Suddenly she knew how desperately she longed to stuff it down her throat, to  suck out all his cum.

"All . . . all right," Lana panted. Pushing away from him, the  horny mother stuffed the casserole into the oven. "Let's go. Quietly! Follow me..." The basement was entered by a door through the laundry room. Together they walked down the creaking stairs, seeing the small,  dusty room full of everything from old tennis rackets to a big, dilapidated  couch.

"All right, darling . . ." Lana pushed away the hands hungrily  molding her big tits. "We have to hurry! Sit on the couch, lover!


Mommy wants to suck your cock for you!"

Crossing the basement ahead of her, Johnny sprawled on the  big, dusty couch. Hurriedly Lana knelt on the floor before him. Her hands shook as she fumbled with the zipper of his jeans. She pulled his  pants and underwear down to his ankles, exposing his legs, releasing his stone-hard prick. "Oh, Johnny," the mother gushed. "What a beautiful cock!"

Proudly it stood out of his prick fur, looming large with blood  and cum. Firmly Lana wrapped her hand around the root, holding it in  position. Then her mouth swooped down on the turgid tip. Her lips parted wide and she made a lewd gurgling sound as she stuffed the  meaty inches of his prick down her buttery throat.

"Unh! Suck it, Mom! Gimme some head!" Lana clamped her  lips in a tight, sucking circle around the center of her boy's cock, savoring the musky taste and aroma of hard cock meat. Her cheeks  puckered and feverishly she started sucking, stroking her hand up and down his swollen shaft, beating his meat into her mouth.


"I'm sure they've got some extra pillows, Daddy," Bridget  said, glancing at her father over her shoulder. "Don't worry. We can make up some excuse. Tell 'em I'm havingtrouble sleeping or something."

Just as Lana was beginning to suck her son's fat cock,  Bridget and her father, Cal, were entering the house. They wanted the pillows so that Bridget would have something to stuff under her belly  when her dad dog-fucked her. She wanted to be more comfortable when she was getting her asshole fucked. "Oh, Damn it! Lana's not here!"

Bridget stood in the kitchen with her hands on her hips,  sniffing the air as she caught the scent of the casserole. Cal walked over  and looked at the big dish through the oven window.

"She left it on," he said. "She must have just stepped out for a  minute."

"Damn it," Bridget pouted. "I'm so horny! I want you to fuck  me right now, Daddy! Oh, where does she keep the pillows?" Then Bridget snapped her fingers. "Oh, I know! The basement! Come on,  Daddy!, Lana won't mind! We can just go down and get some!"

Cal followed his daughter through the laundry room, standing  behind her as she opened the door to the basement. Then they both stopped in shock before they'd gotten half-way down the rickety flight of  stairs.


"Oh fuck, Mom," Johnny said suddenly. "We've had it! Look!" Lana continued to slurp madly away at his huge hard-on for a moment longer, desperate to gulp down the ivory spurts of his boiling cum. But Johnny pushed her away, and she  reluctantly turned her head. Then she felt herself gripped by the worst fear she'd ever felt in her life. "Oh, God," she mowed. "It's Bridget and Cal."

Bridget and Cal finished walking down the stairs into the  basement, staring at them wildly. Lana desperately searched her mind for some feeble excuse, but it was utterly impossible. Her niece and  brother-in-law had just caught her with her son's cock packed in her  mouth. What excuse could she make for sucking Johnny's prick?

"Okay.. . okay," she stammered bravely, wiping the pearly  drops of jism from her lips. "You've caught us. Now what are you going to do, Cal? Are you going to tell my husband?" Cal just stood there with his mouth open, and Lana gasped as she saw the big hard-on sticking through his pants. Bridget giggled  shamelessly, covering her mouth with her hands.

"Shit, we're not gonna tell anybody," she laughed. "Not if you  let me suck that big fucking prick too!"

Then she crossed the basement, making Lana gasp as she  pushed the big-titted mother roughly away. Lana's mouth opened wide in shock as her niece knelt on the floor where shehad been. Johnny didn't protest as his cousin dropped her head, stuffing his cock firmly between her lips. "Bridget!" Lana croaked. "You're sucking him too! Good Lord!" Lana looked up at her son's handsome face, seeing the glaze pass over his eyes as his prick was again engulfed in a wet, hungry  mouth. From the looks of it, Bridget had obviously done a lot of cock-sucking in her years. Lana could see the way the girl's cheeks flushed, her lips  forming a tight circle around the center of Johnny's cock. Then Bridget shut her eyes and furiously started sucking it, bobbing her head,  fucking her face with her cousin s prick.

"J-J-Jesus," Lana gulped. "I can't believe this is . . . oh my  God! Cal!"

Cal had his pants off and his stone-hard cock was throbbing  stiffly before him as he approached his brother's wife. "You can't really blame my daughter, Lana," he said softly. "I gave her permission to fuck  Johnny and Steve as much as she wants to! See, she's been fucking me for years!" Lana's mind spun with his confession. "You . . . you mean your daughter has fucked my husband?" "You bet she has, honey! Just like I'm going to fuck you! Now  spread those pretty legs!"

The slurping, smacking sounds of Bridget'sblow-job filled the dusty basement. Lana didn't protest as Cal put her on her back on the floor. Hurriedly he pulled open her dress, unsnapping  her bra to expose her enormous, creamy-white tits. Then he tugged off her panties, spreading her thighs and looking hungrily at the  fleecy-haired slit of her juicing Cunt.

"Oh, honey," he moaned. "I been wanting to fuck you ever  since my brother and you got married!"

Lana watched him spread and lift her thighs, falling to his  knees between her legs. The big, fat cock pulsed and oozed over her  naked stomach. Then she watched herself reach down and grasp his big prick, directing the knob to her hairy pussy. "Yes, Cal," she panted. "I want it too! Fuck me! Fuck my cunt!"

Cal eased his spongy cock head into her pussy, sighing as  he felt the slippery walls of her cunt suck tightly around his cock. He stretched out on her body, flattening her big tits under his brawny chest. "Fuck me!" Out of the corner of her eye Lana could see Bridget's lips smacking and slurping around her son's hard-on, drinking  in his meat. "Yes, fuck me, Cal!" She wrapped her long legs tightly around his waist and furiously started humping, pounding her wet  pussy onto his cock. "Fuck my cunt!"

Cal pulled out slowly, then sawed his prick back in again.  Then he fell into a furious, driving fuck rhythm, pounding his big prick relentlessly into the juicing wetness of his sister-in-law's cunt. "Fuck me harder! Fuck the slit out of me!" Surprising herself with her own shameless lust, Lana worked her full ass frantically off the  basement floor, pounding her pussy onto his big cock. "You can do better than that! Unh! Fuck my ass off! I need to cum!" She turned her head, watching Bridget fuck her face with her son's straining hard-on. Johnny's face was a mask of ecstasy, and Lana  could see the jism oozing out of Bridget's mouth. Very soon her boy's  cock was going to cum.

"Fuck harder!" she scissored her thighs higher around his  back; lifting her ass so that even more of his prick would slam into her pussy passage. "Unh unh, fuck my brains out! Come on, Cal! I need to  get fucked!"

Cal groaned as he felt the weight of her big tits jiggling wider  his chest, the velvety tightness of her cunt tunnel compressing greasily around his pistoning cock. Spreading his knees slightly between, her  thighs, he started to nail his big, throbbing cock into her pussy as hard as he could. Johnny bucked his ass off the couch, fucking Bridget's face. "Gonna come," he panted. "Gonna blow my wad!" Bridget sucked his aching cock as hard as she could,  flushing brightly with the obscene energy of the blow-job. Her hand raced up anddown his bone-hard cock shaft, beating his meat into her mouth.

"Cumming," Johnny groaned. "Play with my balls! I'm  cumming!"

Bridget thrust her free hand between his thighs, cupping his  ball bag. The big load of jism squirted out of Johnny's cock. Bridget felt the sappy spunk shooting down her throat. Hungrily she swallowed,  nursing out every drop.

But some of it oozed out of her mouth, and as Lana turned  her head she could see the milky jism running back down Johnny's  throbbing cock. The sight of her son's drooling jism made her pussy start spasming all over Cal's thrusting prick. "Fuck me, Cal!" she yelped. "Fuck me, fuck me, cuuummmiiinnnngggg!" Cal collapsed on her belly, spearing his cock to the balls into her hotly throbbing, gripping pussy. The white load of jism blasted out  of his prick head, shooting deep inside the mother's pussy. Lana's cunt was like Bridget's mouth-it couldn't take all of his cum. She gasped and  humped tirelessly beneath him as the sappy jizz ran out of her hairy cunt slit, dripping down her legs. Sighing, Lana continued to hump her pussy onto Cal's shooting cock. So Bridget had fucked her husband! Lana sensed that it  wouldn't be long before Steve and Tammy especially Tammy-were in on  the family action.

CHAPTER THIRTEEN

The living room curtains were tightly drawn, and that morning  Steve had installed a heavy set of blinds on the picture window, so no one would ever be able to see inside. There were two sources of light,  one from the hall and one from a covered lamp next to the sofa. The living room was silent, except for the slurping, squishing sounds of a lot  of sex in progress.

"Lick it, Daddy! Unh! You lick my cunt so good!" Bridget was naked on the couch, her legs spread wide and  her small feet pushed onto the cushions. Her horny father knelt naked on the floor before her. His stiff cock pushed out, throbbing as he  gripped his daughter's ass cheeks. His mouth rooted on her cunt, sucking up her pussy juice.

"Harder, Daddy!" Bridget frantically humped her ass, fucking  her cunt all aver Cal's face. "I'm gonna cum! Gonna cum!"

Cal pawed his daughter's humping ass cheeks, slipping one  hand between them, making her grunt as he pushed a finger deep inside her rubbery asshole. Then he continued to lap away at her frothing  pussy, delighting in the taste of her cunt juices.

"Lick my clit, Daddy! Awww, I love the way you suck me! I'm  gonna cum!" Cal responded to his daughter's obscene wishes, moving his mouth up her cunt hole to envelop her swollen clit bud. At the same time  he pushed his free hand up her slender thighs, burying two into her pussy, finger-fucking her with the sane rhythm with which he jacked off  her throbbing asshole.

"I'm cumming, Daddy!" Bridget bucked as if she'd been shot,  grinding her hairy, steaming pussy mound onto her father's lips. "Suck my cunt, suck it! Awww! I'm cumming, cuuummmiiinnnggg!" Her pussy creamed, oozing hot, musky fuck oil into her father's mouth. Cal kept on jacking off her pussy and asshole, licking  her tingling clit. Then he pushed his tongue between her pouting cunt lips to suck out all of his teenaged daughter's cum. At the same time, less than two feet away, Johnny was sitting  on the other side of the couch. His face was transfixed with passion. Dazedly he looked down at his mother, who was feverishly sucking his rock-hard cock. "Oh, Mom, do it harder," he groaned. He saw the flush in her cheeks, heard the slurping, smacking cock-sucking noises drown out  Cal's lips on Bridget's pussy. "I'm about to cum!"

Lana was naked, and her enormous tits jiggled spongily as  she fucked her face on her son s cock. Her hand tightly gripping the root of his hard-on, she jacked him off. She sucked her boy's cock as hard as  she could, anxious to be rewarded with a big load of shooting cum. "Aw, Momma!" Johnny curled his fingers into her hair, sighing as the cum load built in the hairy sac of his balls. "It's gonna  shoot any fucking second!"

Lana puckered her cheeks, sucking his hard-on that much  more energetically. Her tongue swirled around his cock knob, lapping up the juice. She pushed her left hand between, his thighs, tenderly  squeezing his balls.

"Ahhhh. . ." The cock milk squirted, lurching out of his prick to shoot torrentially between his mother's lips. The wet sound of Lana's sucking  changed as she started swallowing at the same time. Her throat muscles moved, gulping down the cum. She continued to suck her son's cock  furiously after the spunk had finished squirting, wanting him to stay  hard for a good fucking.

And at the same time, her husband anddaughter were doing just that. Steve and Tammy were on the living room floor, in the dog-fucking position. Tammy's big tits were jiggling as her  father pounded his enormous hard-on into her tight, teenaged cunt.

"Harder, Daddy, fuck me harder!" Tammy panted. "I love your  huge fucking meat! Fuck the shit out of me!"

Steve fucked as hard as he could, hunching over her  big-titted body, pounding his gigantic prick into her hairy, sucking cunt. Tammy moaned and took the fuck thrusts, knowing that she was about  to cream. Things had worked out so well, she thought. She had to laugh when she remembered her earlier opinion of Bridget, who hadn't  turned out to be a goody-goody at all.

She was glad they were all fucking together. Tammy wasn't  grounded anymore, but she knew she wouldn't be going out nearly as often in the future, or getting into any kind of trouble. Having her  daddy's huge cock fucking her pussy was all the pleasure she needed.

"Unh! Oh, Daaa-dee!" Tammy clawed the carpet strands,  furiously pumping up her ass cheeks as the spasms started knotting up her belly. "I'm cumming, Daddy! Fuck my cunt, fuck it hard! I'm  cuuummmiiinnnggg!"

Her pussy creamed, throbbing lusciously as the cum  ravished her nakedness again and again. Steve kept fucking her  furiously through her orgasm, until the exhausted girl fell flat on her belly on the living room rug.He pulled his cock out of her hairy slit, and a quick glance over her shoulder showed Tammy that he hadn't blown his wad yet, that  his cock was still as hard as stone. And she had to do something to satisfy her father. She looked up, seeing her mother wetly sucking Johnny's cock, and Uncle Cal climbing up to stab his big prick into his daughter's  pussy. Then Tammy spread her ass cheeks with her hands, exposing her pink, puckered asshole to her father. "Go ahead, Daddy," she moaned. "Fuck my horny ass!" Holding his huge, throbbing prick in his fist, Steve pushed the knob onto his daughter's ass. Then it was pushing into her, invading her  asshole with the burning hardness of stiff cock meat.

"Unh, Daddy!" Tammy started humping again, insatiably  thrusting her asshole onto her father's enormous cock: Fucking was so fantastic, she thought giddily. All she wanted to do was fuck her daddy's  big, beautiful cock from now on. 

THE END 


            "The Secret Fantasies of a Suburban Girl"
            By 
            Laura Jenkins

            Copyright.Laura jenkins 2002.
            The right o fLaura jenkins to be identified as the author of this 
            book has been asserted in accordance with Section 77 and 78 of the 
            Copyrights and Patents Act 1988.


      All Tied Up
      It is morning and I am running late for work. The shower is finished and 
      I'm wondering if I even have time for some coffee before having to leave. 
      As I leave the bathroom, still towelling off I am surprised to feel arms, 
      your arms, reaching out and grabbing me. I give a little shriek of 
      surprise but say nothing. You pick me up and carry me into the bedroom. I 
      am smiling and laughing but I ask you what you are doing, I really have to 
      get to work. You still say nothing. You set me on the bed and then quickly 
      attach the cuffs that bind me spread-eagled, in your bed, one limb 
      extending to a post at each corner of the bed. I look up from the bed with 
      a questioning look, but you say… I guess you will be late for work today. 
      Maybe you'll even have to call in sick but that can wait until later. My 
      expression changes. On the one hand, this sounds a bit interesting but on 
      the other what do you think you are doing tying me up like this? You say I 
      guess you are not totally pleased with this change in plans, well, try to 
      get used to it because it seems that you are stuck with it. My irritation 
      grows and you pull against the restraints. Unfortunately (or is it?) my 
      efforts are useless, I am quite firmly bound. I look up and see you 
      smiling at you. I let out a sigh and relax in the bed, though not 
      completely because I notice a tension in my crotch. 
      You sit down and undress and then stand at the foot of the bed, naked and 
      looking at me. You don't move or say anything. You just stand there calmly 
      (or seemingly so) staring at me with just a hint of a smile on my face. I 
      begin to wonder just what you have in mind; I know you and your dark 
      cravings. It is obvious that you're the one running the show here… at 
      least for now. I look down at your cock and see it has changed… for the 
      better. It is swelling, filling with blood, thickening and it is beginning 
      to point at you. The cock keeps growing, the skin is becoming stretched. 
      It is throbbing and bobbing and twitching, I can see it twitch with each 
      heartbeat. The cock is no longer pointing at me, it has continued its 
      upward motion and is now almost flat against your belly, pointing up at 
      ceiling. The cock is looking very inviting. I can think of a few places 
      where it could be held in a very comfortable manner for both of us. No one 
      has touched the cock yet but it is hot and ready to go. I notice the 
      pre-cum oozing from the tip. There is a lot of it. You reach down with one 
      finger and play with the pre-cum, rolling your finger around in it, you 
      coat your finger with the thick and slick but slightly sticky substance, 
      walk over to me and begin painting the pre-cum on my lips. I respond by 
      trying to lick your finger and try to suck it into my mouth. You let you 
      have a taste and then withdraw it. You trace your wet finger over each of 
      my nipples; they are already very erect and very sensitive. The electric 
      spark shoots through my body running back and forth between my nipples and 
      pussy. The tension in pussy continues to build. This is getting maddening! 
      Do something! Enough with the damn mind games! Get me off! These thoughts 
      are screaming through my mind but I say nothing. I can't. The only sound I 
      can make is a long low moan. My breath has become more rapid. My hips are 
      moving, bucking as much as they can with the restriction of the 
      restraints. 
      You laugh and move away, back towards the foot of the bed. As you go, you 
      reach over and with one light stroke run your finger the length of my 
      pussy, it's slick with wetness. My juices are oozing out in impressive 
      quantities and even I am surprised at how wet I have got and another hot 
      wave of pleasure courses through my body. I think to myself… I am quite 
      the horny slut this morning. I wish he'd just give it to me. I look at 
      you. You have reached the foot of the bed again. All I can think of is 
      getting fucked, having that rigidly hard cock in my hot slick wet pussy 
      and filling up that empty space that I feel so strongly right now… 
      satisfying that deep need to be filled up with that hot and hard and 
      pulsing cock. I call out to you… fuck me, come on, give it to me, fuck me, 
      I need it, please? 
      You smile and say nothing. Then you reach over beside the bed, pick up a 
      tube of lube, squeeze some out into your hand and begin coating your cock 
      with it, really slicking it up. And while you do you keep looking directly 
      at me. I am torn, your eyes are commanding my attention but your hard, 
      throbbing cock is glistening in the light. I can't decide where to look 
      and rapidly flick my eyes between the eyes and the cock, the eyes and the 
      cock, the eyes and the cock. You move your hand and my eyes fix on your 
      cock. I watch as you slowly stroke your cock, twisting your wrist as you 
      move your hand up and down the shaft. I can hear the slick, squishy sound 
      of the lube as you move your hand up and down. The head of your cock is 
      turning colour, going from red to purple. You close my eyes for a moment 
      and moan quietly with pleasure as you continue to work your hand up and 
      down the shaft, jerking yourself off. I fixate on the head of your cock 
      watching it disappear and reappear as your hand strokes it. God! This is 
      getting to me. I feel myself squirming, I feel the wetness of my pussy 
      running down between my asscheeks and soaking the sheet beneath me, I can 
      smell the rich odour of my hot pussy. All the while I am watching your 
      cock being stroked, so it's compelling. I can't move my eyes away from the 
      sight. The room is quiet except for your breathing, except for my 
      breathing, and except for the liquid stroking sound as you jack the shaft 
      of your cock. The liquid sound fills my ears; it seems so loud in the 
      room. Then it stops. 
      You walk over to me and I feel the coolness of fresh lube as you apply it 
      to my breasts, slathering all over them, making them very slick. You are 
      concentrating the gel between my breasts. You straddle me and place your 
      cock between my breasts. I feel your balls rest against my lower chest. 
      You press my breasts together around your cock and they completely 
      surround it. I try to move, to fuck you with my tits but I can't. The 
      weight of you on my chest and the restraints prevent that. I lie there and 
      try to focus on your cock as you begin to fuck the channel you have made 
      with my slick tits. You are squeezing my tits together very tightly now 
      and fucking them faster and faster. I can see the head of your cock 
      disappear and reappear into and out of the gap between them and I can feel 
      your balls move against my chest as they rise and begin to tighten. I 
      realize that you are going to cum soon. Then I feel the warm and heavy 
      drops of cum as they spurt out of your cock and fall on my neck, on my 
      chin, across my lips, on my cheek. You are looking at me, staring straight 
      into my eyes. You have not made a sound, but a smile is on your face. My 
      tongue reaches out of my mouth trying to taste the come on my lips. You 
      reach down and gather a drop of the sticky white fluid and paint my lips 
      again. I taste the salty flavour that I both like and hate (a bit). You 
      reach back and stroke my slick pussy lips again, once and very lightly 
      with a finger. I shriek and buck your hips as much as I can… which isn't 
      much. Your finger stops over my clit and flicks rapidly back and forth 
      over it. I feel my pussy contract as a huge orgasm begins to build and I 
      rock my hips in time with the flicking finger trying to build the orgasm 
      even higher. The finger suddenly stops. I look at your hand as it moves 
      back to your cock and begins to milk the last drops of cum out, letting 
      them drop on my breasts. My breath is coming in ragged gasps, I am one 
      horny woman, and all I can think of is getting off. The end is close but I 
      can't get to it. 
      You get off me, release my right hand from the restraint, say have fun, 
      turn, and then unbelievably leave the room. As you go you can hear me 
      calling out… you bastard! My hand rockets to my dripping pussy and slides 
      two fingers deep into the slick folds. My hand is a blur as I rub my clit 
      and slide fingers in and out of that hot horny pussy. The orgasm starts 
      almost at once, building rapidly and moving like a wave of true pleasure 
      up my body. My pussy contracts, my hips buck, my fingers keep up the rapid 
      stroking movements that I so need and the orgasm break over me like a 
      wave. I writhe and pull against the restraints as I ride the wave of 
      pleasure. I am wet with sweat, my pussy is dripping, and my ass is wet 
      from lying in the juices I have been oozing out. I am exhausted and sated, 
      and still quite worked up over the way I have been treated. Is this being 
      used or not? I am both angry and happy, satisfied and frustrated… whatever 
      it is this little episode is not over. No way, not by a long shot. 

      His Pleasure
      It's a warm summer afternoon, I arrive at your place, and the door is open 
      so I come in. It's been a long day and I've been thinking for most of it 
      how nice it would be to finish up the day (or at least the afternoon) with 
      a session of fucking. I see you sitting in a chair with your back to me 
      watching TV. Since it's warm, you're only wearing your boxers and you're 
      intently watching a film. I think, well, he's most of the way to 
      undressed, all I have to do is finish the job and get his mind off the 
      film, how hard could that be? You still haven't noticed that I'm in the 
      room so I slip out of my dress, drop my bra, walk over behind your chair 
      and bend over to nestle your head between my breasts. This gets your 
      attention; you look up, smile, and say Hi Mel! We share a kiss with lots 
      of tongue and you tell me how nice it is to see me but the TV does have 
      your attention and you turn back to the film. I sigh; this is NOT what I 
      had in mind! I reach over and begin tracing my fingers over your chest but 
      you gently push my hand away without looking away from the screen and tell 
      me that the film will be over in about 30 minutes. Half an hour seems like 
      a long time to have to wait! I'm naked and my pussy is waiting to receive 
      some attention so I begin lightly running my finger up and down over my 
      slit. This feels quite good and my finger is getting wet from my juices. I 
      lean back on the sofa and begin to go for it sliding my finger in and out 
      of my now dripping pussy. Then I stop and sit up. "To hell with this! I 
      didn't come over here to get off by myself!" I move over to you, kneel in 
      front of you and begin to slide your boxers off. You try to push me away 
      again saying," Mel, can't you wait just a bit?" I reply that I won't block 
      your view of the TV, you sigh and say, "whatever" and then return your 
      attention to the screen. 
      Kneeling between your legs I take your soft cock into my mouth and begin 
      to suck very lightly, I feel it grow in my mouth. As your cock becomes 
      erect I slide my lips up toward the head and then open my mouth and begin 
      to lick around the head, especially at the spot on the underside of the 
      head that is so sensitive. Your cock is now totally erect and is twitching 
      with anticipation. I notice that you're still watching the TV but have 
      slid down in the chair to give me easier access. I take the entire length 
      of cock into my mouth and the back of my throat, sucking as I go down. 
      This results in a groan from you and I notice you are having trouble 
      keeping your attention on the TV. I keep up my steady rhythm of long, 
      slow, wet sucking up and down your shaft and begin to lightly stroke your 
      balls with my fingertips. I pull up and begin to jack your shaft with my 
      hand as I lick your balls. The pre-cum is beginning to flow from the tip 
      of your cock. I lick my way up the shaft to the tip; lick the pre-cum and 
      pull away slowly showing you the strand of pre-cum between the tip of your 
      cock and my tongue. Now I have your attention. I look up and ask, "I 
      thought you wanted to watch your film. Well, which one do you want? Film 
      or would you rather come? It's up to you, what do you want?" You no longer 
      care a bit about the film. "Get me off, get me off really big", I smile 
      and return to my activity. 
      I start again deep throating you, taking the entire length of cock into my 
      mouth and throat in long but rapid strokes. My mouth is watering and 
      dripping making a delightful mess between your legs but neither of us 
      seems to care at all. I start to massage your balls with my hand and I 
      feel them contract and your cock grow even harder. I know that something 
      is about to happen. So… I stop. I look up at you and say, "I'll decide 
      when or if you cum, and I decide that it's not going to be right now". You 
      groan. Your cock is still twitching and is so hard that the skin seems 
      stretched like neither of has ever seen it. "Let me cum, Mel. Please?" I 
      shrug. This little verbal encounter has served to establish who is in 
      control here (me) and also has let you relax a bit so things can continue 
      longer. I run my wet tongue up the length of your shaft to the tip and 
      swirl it around the head like it's an ice cream cone. Then I take the 
      length in my throat again sucking hard as I go down. A few more strokes 
      like this and with my fingers teasing your balls has you back at the 
      brink. Your eyes are tightly shut, your face is constricted with the 
      impending orgasm, and your arse is moving all over the chair as you writhe 
      in pleasure. You're hands are on the back of my head trying to force me 
      down on your cock and I let you, for a few more strokes until I'm certain 
      that an eruption is imminent. Then I push your hands away, grasp your cock 
      at its base, and look up at you and say, "OK, cum for me". 
      I keep holding onto your cock, lower my head to it and take in just the 
      head while I suck and swirl my tongue on the head. You're gasping and 
      moaning, I feel your balls contract and your cock twitch with the familiar 
      rhythm that indicates you're about to cum. I give one last swirling suck, 
      back off with my mouth and begin jacking the slippery shaft with both 
      hands. You moan loudly and the cum starts to spurt from your cock, there's 
      a lot of it and it feels warm as it lands on my breasts, on my chin and 
      cheek. There is so much cum! I take the tip in my mouth and slide down 
      lower, sucking as I go. I feel the twitching cock on my tongue and feel 
      the cum filling my mouth. It is warm and thick, not all that tasty but I 
      do enjoy the effect it is having on you. I pull away and let you see the 
      sticky rope of cum that extends from your cock to my tongue. Then I move 
      forward, lick the head quite roughly one more time, gather up the last of 
      your offering, sit up and swallow with a grin on my face. You are floating 
      on the edge of a huge orgasm and still trying to catch your breath. "Sorry 
      that you missed the end of your film." You answer, "what film?" 

      * * *
      Sarah - The First Time

      I have been swimming for a while now, always on a Tuesday evening after 
      work at the local pool. There's a woman who always goes at the same time 
      as me, her name is Sarah and she is beautiful. She's about 5ft 9, slim but 
      with large breasts that my hands just itch to get hold of, long gently 
      curling red hair, green eyes and freckles scattered over her creamy 
      delectable skin. Sometimes we swim together and we chat. On this Tuesday 
      when we were leaving the pool she asked if I'd like to go for a drink at 
      the bar as her boyfriend would not be picking her up for a while. I said 
      sure. We sat there for an hour and I just grew more and more attracted to 
      her and started thinking all sorts of erotic thoughts about her. Her 
      boyfriend arrived and she had to go, as she did though she suggested it 
      might be nice to have dinner one evening. I agreed and we swapped phone 
      numbers.
      A couple of days went by and she called me. We chatted for a while and 
      agreed that it would be nice to have dinner at my place; she'd bring 
      Chinese over the next evening about 7 if that was okay. Definitely. The 
      next evening she arrived on the dot of seven wearing a very pretty green 
      dress that was a bit low cut and reached her knees, just. We had dinner 
      and talked and laughed and got through two bottles of wine. After we had 
      finished eating we took our glasses and went to sit on the sofa. The 
      conversation changed to a slower pace and came to a natural pause. Sarah 
      leaned towards me a little and said "I see you looking at me at the pool 
      you know". "Sorry?" I spluttered" "You look at my breasts and my body as 
      though dying of hunger. It's okay though, I have a good body and you are 
      not the first woman to want me. You do want me don't you?" I was stunned, 
      how direct could you get. I nodded. "That's okay then." She leaned forward 
      and I knew what was coming but just could not move she put her lips to 
      mine and gently kissed me, eyes wide open, looking into mine, gauging my 
      reaction. 
      I didn't know what to think, I couldn't believe this was happening, a 
      fantasy becoming reality. A gorgeous woman was kissing me. She withdrew 
      and looked at me and smiled, asking if I was okay. I nodded; my heart was 
      racing so hard I wasn't too sure. She said "I'm going to kiss you again, 
      properly this time, is that okay?" I nodded. She leaned forward, put her 
      hand behind my head to pull my closer to her and kissed me. At first she 
      played with my lips, gently running her tongue around them, then her 
      tongue slid in and began to play and dance with mine. I moved closer and 
      put my arms around her, her other arm went around my waist and the first 
      tangled deeper into my hair. We kissed for what felt like ages and then I 
      felt her hand sliding from my waist to under my top, just rubbing gently 
      up and down sending shivers up and down my back. Sarah pulled away from me 
      and turned her attention to my top. She took the bottom of it and before I 
      knew what was happening had pulled it up over my head to reveal my 
      chocolate brown lace bra and large heaving breasts. She looked at me, at 
      my breasts and without a word reached round, undid the clasp and pulled it 
      off, dropping it on the floor.
      Things were going fast, my head was spinning but this felt so amazing, so 
      erotic but natural, that I did not want her to stop, was afraid she might 
      if I hesitated. She cupped a breast in each hand weighing them, gently 
      squeezing them and stroking. Then her finger moved to an already erect and 
      aching nipple and she began to flick it with he finger. By now I was 
      moaning with the pleasure, head thrown back, eyes closed. She pushed me 
      back against the sofa and went work with her hot wet tongue on my nipples. 
      She licked, nibbled, sucked, pulled and it was heaven. But I wanted more; 
      I wanted to do the same to her, to feel a woman's intimate flesh under my 
      fingers and tongue. I pushed her head away and asked her to stand up. She 
      did and I went behind her and undid the zipper ion her dress, then I 
      slowly, enjoying every anticipatory second, pulled it from her shoulder, 
      inched it down her back and dropped it on the floor. There she was in 
      matching black bra and panties, it was like being shown a feast on a plate 
      and knowing it was all yours to devour, the blood rushed to my head and 
      then away to a warm wet and eager pussy. I stood behind her and just ran 
      my hands over her body, I stroked her back, slid my hands into her 
      knickers and stroked and squeezed her bottom and all the time she was 
      telling me how good it felt and moaning. I then pressed my bare breasts to 
      her back and slid my hands under her arms to cup and stroke her as yet 
      unseen breasts. They felt great, even through the bra, I then dispensed 
      with that and covered her soft, warm, heavy, satin breasts. God what a 
      rush.
      I moved around in front of her to look at those lush tits, soft pink with 
      large darker pink aureoles and long nipples that begged to be sucked. I 
      asked her to sit and then knelt on the floor in front. I took her breasts 
      in my hands, weighing, squeezing stroking as she had me and then for the 
      first unforgettable time took a nipple into my mouth and played with it, 
      sucked on it. She asked me to suck harder and I did and the sounds she 
      made just turned me on so much more. As much as I wanted to savour every 
      moment of my first encounter with a woman I was just too eager to try it 
      all and told her so. She said it was okay, we had all the time in the 
      world that this wasn't a one night stand and we could go slow and explore 
      every inch of each other another time, there was so much to discover and 
      do, toys, massage, water encounters and more…
      Sarah suggested we move to the bedroom and she went ahead of me, When I 
      got there she had lit the candle I have on the mantelpiece and the room 
      was glowing with gentle light. We both stood by the bed and kissed again, 
      this time with more passion, more wanting and touching each other, 
      breasts, back, bottom, up and down and all over. Sarah broke away and put 
      her hands to my knickers and began easing them down my legs, kneeling down 
      and kissing my pussy as it was bared. When they were off she put them to 
      her face and breathed in the heady musk scent of my wet pussy and smiled 
      at me. She then told me to sit on the edge of the bed and I did. She was 
      still on her knees on the floor and pulled my legs towards her, spreading 
      them open, revealing my dewy and dripping pussy. She inched her face 
      towards it, all the while stroking my thighs until she was right at it. 
      Then she put a hand on each side and gently pulled my pussy lips apart a 
      little to reveal me. She gently ran a finger up and down my wet channel 
      and I shivered with the feelings she was arousing. Then she extended her 
      tongue, looked art me and whilst looking up at me buried her tongue in me.
      The sensation was like an electric current, watching this woman go down on 
      me, feeling her tongue going up and down my channel then pausing to flick 
      at my clit, then she went the other way and licked at my anus, then shoved 
      her tongue hard up me, reaching my g spot and playing with that, it was 
      too much, way too much and with a scream and shaking like I was being 
      electrocuted I had the most intense orgasm I have ever had. She moved back 
      and sat back on her heels watching me, watching me come, and watching me 
      come down again. She then gently lifted me back on the bed and lay down 
      next to me gently stroking my breasts and belly. I lay there my breathing 
      gradually returning to normal and just looked at her. 

      It didn't take me long to remember there was another wet pussy in the room 
      one that needed me to explore it. I sat up and Sarah lay back on the 
      pillows looking at me. I had free rein it seemed for whatever pleasures I 
      wanted. I started by kissing her and then moved slowly downwards, her 
      ears, her neck, her breasts, licking them, nipping, flicking her nipples 
      with my tongue just looking at them turned me on so much. I moved down 
      across her belly and down towards her pussy. Her legs automatically parted 
      and I moved down the bed to kneel between them. I gently put my hands on 
      her pussy lips and opened them as she had me. She was so wet. I dipped a 
      finger into her channel and brought it away glistening with her juices, I 
      looked right into her eyes and put that finger to my lips licking it clean 
      with relish, I then put it back and this time pushed it deep inside her, 
      making her moan loudly, a second joined the first and I started to move 
      them in and out of her enjoying the feelings I was creating in her, 
      knowing how it felt. I then took my fingers away and replaced them with my 
      tongue; she tasted amazing, sweet and musky. I licked up and down her 
      pussy and pushed my tongue as far up her as I could go, I could hear my 
      lapping sounds, her squelching pussy and her harsh breathing. I moved 
      closer to her and then put my hand at the top of her pussy, pulled her 
      hood back and looked at her clit, the first, other than my own, I had seen 
      in the flesh. It pulsed. I gently put my tongue to it and started to lick. 
      Sarah jumped and moaned like I had never heard before, I carried on, the 
      sounds she made creating pleasure in me too. She was so wet it was slowly 
      running down to her ass. She asked me to slide a finger in too and I did, 
      one then two were pushed into her pussy and slid slowly in and out. I 
      could feel her tensing, knew her orgasm was building and increased the 
      pressure and speed of my hand and tongue on her and after only a few 
      seconds she came with a long drawn out loud moan. I slowed and stopped but 
      Sarah asked me to keep going. So I started up again, gently at first but 
      getting more vigorous as her moans grew with my tempo and in just a couple 
      of minutes she came again. I could feel her pussy muscles clenching around 
      my fingers and whole body trembling. I pulled out of her and moved up to 
      kiss her and we lay together just looking at each other wondering what we 
      had started.

      * * * 
      Passion By Moonlight

      It's a warm summers night and as we drive to the sea we admire the stars 
      twinkling overhead and the way the countryside is lit by a full bright 
      moon. We've packed a picnic for our private midnight feast of food and 
      senses. We park at the top of the beach and taking the picnic basket and 
      each others hands we walk across the pebbles to a picnic table You set 
      down the basket and come to stand close behind me as I look out to sea. I 
      can feel your body close to mine; pressing against me I can feel the heat 
      coming from you. You slide your arms around me and pull me into you and as 
      we stand quietly admiring the seascape. 
      Before long you brush my hair aside and your tongue starts to tantalise 
      me, starting with the back of my neck, where you know I am so sensitive, 
      you kiss and nibble and lick. You're driving me crazy just by doing that, 
      and you know it, you kiss my neck working round to my ear and then you 
      pause for a moment, leaving me to wonder what's coming next, then you 
      start to kiss, lick and nibble my ear slowly and teasingly, breathing 
      deeply in my ear. You whisper too; how good I feel, how much you want me 
      and ask if I'm enjoying what you're doing to me, I sigh and moan we don't 
      need words, we never have. 
      Still kissing me you slide your hands under my top, you caress and squeeze 
      my breasts and then move to gently pinch my nipples feeling them get hard 
      under your touch, your fingers tracing them, teasing me and then tugging 
      on them more urgently which you know I enjoy. Leaning back against you, I 
      can feel your hardness against me and I press my body tight against you, 
      you start to move your hips pushing your hard cock into my bottom. 
      Your hands slide under my skirt and gently caress me moving down over my 
      stomach and further down, you find as usual I'm not wearing anything under 
      my skirt. Your fingers seek and find my hot wetness and slide between my 
      lips, moving back and forth, your fingers getting wet from my juices. I 
      reach down and my fingers join yours rubbing and teasing. My juices cover 
      my fingers, I take them and slide them across your lips and you suck the 
      juice off my fingers tasting my sweetness. Your hand returns to my love 
      hole and your fingers are soon plunging in and out of my hot wet pussy 
      making me moan and move against you, pushing my bottom against you. I need 
      more this is erotic delight but unfulfilling and my knees are going weak 
      as they always do when you're around. 
      I take your hand and we move to the picnic table not far away where I sit 
      on the edge and pull you in between my legs. We pause for a moment, 
      looking at each other, drinking in the look on our faces and then slowly 
      we move together and kiss. It's a gentle kiss at first our tongues 
      exploring, tracing each others lips but as so often happens passion 
      ignites and red hot desire takes us over our tongues dance in and out of 
      our mouths wetly kissing and licking. You pull away and kneel down between 
      my open legs and, starting at my feet, you gently kiss and lick your way 
      up my legs until you're kissing the insides of my thighs, you can feel me 
      tremble under your lips. You move my legs further apart and kiss your way 
      to my pussy, my head goes back and my heavy breathing turns into moans of 
      pleasure as you move higher and start to lick up and down my lips, long, 
      slow, insistent licks. 
      I need to feel more. I reach down and use my fingers to open my lips and 
      encourage you to find my clit. We've played this game before and whilst 
      you get a thrill out of your woman helping you pleasure her you are the 
      one in control; the one to decide what pleasure and how much I get and you 
      gently pull my hand away. Your fingers replace mine and you open my lips 
      wide and look at how wet and glistening I am, the physical effect your 
      love has on me, no man has ever had this effect on me. 
      You move closer and I feel your hot breath just before your tongue start 
      to lick gently at my clit. I want to pull your head hard into mine stop 
      this delightful torture but you'll probably stop if I start to take 
      control so instead, in an effort to incite you I sit up and take my top 
      off, undoing my bra and freeing my breasts. You pause in your licking to 
      stop and watch. Your watching and my being almost naked on a public beach 
      serves to heighten my excitement. You smile and go back to your wet work 
      as I lean back resting on my elbows to watch you; you know I like to 
      watch. 
      Your tongue dances on my clit and then starts to suck and nibble, I moan 
      louder and start to move in pleasure. Your tongue slides away from my clit 
      once again licking up and down my lips, licking with the flat of your 
      tongue in that rough way you know I love. My moaning is getting louder, 
      you suddenly move back up to my clit and as you suck it hard you slide 
      your fingers into me and start to push them in and out, hard. I can feel 
      my climax starting to build. I sit up straight and my hands go to your 
      head to encourage you not letting you stop your tidal wave of pleasure 
      growing within me. You urge me on moving your fingers harder and faster 
      and you feel me start to shake and grasp you tighter as I go over the edge 
      and explode into orgasm. I cry out loud at the pleasure you have wrought 
      again with your magic touch. You carry on licking and fingering me as the 
      waves roll over me but before long it's too much for me and I pull you 
      away, with a last lingering lick you give in and stand up. I put my hands 
      round you and we kiss, buts it's a passionate kiss, there's more to come.
      I help you take off your shorts, fumbling in my eagerness to have your 
      hard hot length deep within me. As they drop to the ground I move forward 
      to take you in my mouth but you're past wanting that you want, need to be 
      embedded deep in my wet pussy. As I sit on the very edge of the table and 
      pull you hard against me, your cock slides straight into me, as you've 
      said we fit well together. We pause to savour the moment, you my wetness 
      and heat and muscles tightening round you and me the feeling of fullness 
      and of holding my lover close to me in this most intimate of moments when 
      we're joined as one. The moment doesn't last long; you gently pull back 
      from me a little and start to move. This is really nice; because I'm 
      sitting and you're standing up I can see into your eyes as we move 
      together. You start to move harder and faster and I start to moan and all 
      these feelings are building again. I slide a hand down between us and 
      touching you and me I start to play with my clit. Before long I can feel 
      my orgasm building again and we start to kiss deeply. This whole public 
      lovemaking and you is making me feel very erotic. All of a sudden I start 
      to climax again, noisily and as I do and you feel my muscles clenching 
      around you as the waves travel up you start to come too and I can feel 
      your hot warm cum spurting inside me as you continue to pump hard and deep 
      into me. Our climaxes start to die away as we look at each other and smile 
      as lovers do and we hold each other tight. 
      As to the chocolate spread in the picnic basket and the fact that I feel 
      horny enough to want to be taken hard from behind soon, well that's for 
      another chapter.

      * * *

      Our First Threesome
      You arrive on time and I welcome you in, taking your coat. He also comes 
      to greet you and you exchange kisses. I offer you a drink and go to the 
      kitchen to make coffee for us, meanwhile you two sit beside each other on 
      the sofa and chat. A few minutes later I come in with the coffee and I sit 
      in front of you two on a footrest so I can see you both. We all sip our 
      coffee and chat but there's a definite sexual excitement in the air.
      I can't help admiring your cleavage, displayed in a V-neck top and 
      thinking about how much I want to unwrap you and explore your body. After 
      a few minutes we all fall silent and he moves to kiss you, his arms go 
      around you, your hands move up to his chest as you kiss deep and hard. I 
      watch for a few moments, just watching is turning me on, then move to sit 
      behind you. I gently insert my hands under your arms and move them around 
      to cup your breasts, you moan but the kiss continues. I squeeze and play 
      with your nipples exposed to me in your peephole bra. I slide my hands 
      down and under your top, sliding them back up to feel your lacy bra and 
      warm breasts, again I savour handling and squeezing them. I find your 
      nipples and at first I gently flick them with my finger but then I start 
      to take them between two fingers and gently draw on them. 
      He can feel all of this and has decided things have gone far enough 
      without him. He gently ends the kiss and then asks you to raise your arms, 
      you do and he draws your top up over your head. He leans down and takes a 
      nipple into his mouth to lick and suck it, playing with it, your eyes 
      close and you gently moan. As I can't reach with him in the way I suggest 
      we go upstairs to bed.
      I lead the way with him following you. When we reach the bedroom I turn 
      around and admire your peephole bra, I can see you now. I move close and 
      play with your very erect nipples and then move to lick, suck and nibble 
      each one in turn. He gets a little impatient to join in and I stop, reach 
      around you and undo your bra, sliding the straps off your shoulders. 
      There, finally, your beautiful breasts are on display, our fantasy is at 
      last becoming reality.
      I cup each one and gently fondle them as I again lick and kiss them, I 
      just can't get enough. Meanwhile he is getting undressed and you watch him 
      over my shoulder and admire his revealed erection. He gently pushes me 
      aside and says it's his turn to do some undressing. He tells you what 
      beautiful breasts you have and takes a moment to also play with them, then 
      he gently pulls your skirt down and off to reveal the erotic sight of you 
      clad only in your knickers. Leaving you for a moment he turns to undress 
      me, he unbuttons my top and helps me off with it and then reaches for my 
      bra, undoes the clasp and slides it off. You then step forward to join in. 
      We look at each other and I move forward and gently press my mouth to 
      yours to see if you want to kiss, your eyes close, your lips part and my 
      tongue slips in to tease and play. Your hands come up to my breasts and 
      you explore, touching and gently tugging on my nipples. You break the kiss 
      and move down to lick, kiss and suck what you've been playing with. 
      Meanwhile he is behind you, he slides his hands round to join mine in 
      caressing your breasts as he licks and lays kisses along your spine and 
      down to the crease of your bottom. My hand gently meanders down from your 
      breasts playing over your tummy until it reaches the band of your 
      knickers. I pause and then deliberately place a finger at the crotch, 
      which I am very pleased to find is rather wet. I gently, teasingly slide 
      my finger up and down your opening, through the fabric. He is holding you 
      with his arms around you cupping you, kissing and nibbling your neck and 
      ears. I push a little deeper and stroke more firmly up and down, then I 
      pause and slide my hand into the band at the top, slowly moving down until 
      it is covering your warm soft mound.
      I slide my fingers up and down your wet slit a few times, you moan, you 
      seem to be enjoying yourself so I venture on. I rest my palm over your 
      mound and finding your clit I start to gently stroke and play with it. Not 
      for long though, I move my fingers down and slide one finger into you, you 
      feel so good, hot, wet and ready for my tongue and his cock. I withdraw my 
      hand and then slide your knickers down and off. As I don't wear knickers 
      I, like him, am already naked. He suggests you lie on the bed you do, in 
      the centre, looking like an exotic, and erotic, dessert ready to be 
      consumed by us two.
      He makes the next move; lying down alongside you he kisses you and starts 
      to move down your body; kissing and licking as he moves unhurriedly but 
      definitely in a southerly direction. He lingers at your breasts, moves on 
      across your tummy and your legs part as he works his way down your thighs. 
      He kisses down to your toes and back up and concentrates on kissing and 
      licking around the tops of your thighs, the inside, the crease but not 
      there on that hot wet spot where you most need it. He teases for a few 
      minutes but the delicious torment is too much and you ask him to touch you 
      where you need it. He does, pushing your legs further apart and looking at 
      me, then you, he moves his tongue in to pleasure you. I sit on the bed 
      next to you and as he works his magic in your wetness I turn my attention 
      to your lovely breasts. 
      It's not long before you're wriggling and moaning and I watch him as he 
      slides a finger, then two, then three into you and works them in tangent 
      with his tongue. He is very goods at this and enjoys it but it's not long 
      before you're heading for an orgasm and I watch as you build up and then 
      explode. He carries on licking and probing until you ask him to stop. You 
      lie there spent (for now) and sated and he moves to kneel on the bed in 
      front of me. I know what he wants; I lean forward to take his hard cock in 
      my mouth, sliding my tongue up and down, around the head and shaft. He is 
      close to orgasm but I deliberately make him wait for it, lessening my 
      touching now and then. 
      You are now sitting up and watching and with my bottom and wet pussy 
      facing you. You take the opportunity to slowly begin to work a finger on 
      me, into me, enjoying having another pussy to play with for the first 
      time. I moan and wriggle in encouragement, to be explored by a woman and a 
      woman on her first time is a great turn on. He is heading close to orgasm 
      and asks me where I want him to cum, in my mouth or over my tits, with my 
      mouth still full you take the opportunity to say why not over yours? I 
      take my mouth away, look at you and say "only if I can lick you clean". 
      You agree and I move back to watch as he moves to the other side of the 
      bed, kneels beside you and starts to wank. You lean forward and take the 
      tip in your mouth and play for a moment but he is too close to orgasm for 
      that and gently pushes you away, you lie down. We both watch and with this 
      much attention it's not long before white pearls of cum pulse out and fall 
      on your breasts. We watch until he's finished and then I move him and lick 
      up his sticky gift. I lick longer than is perhaps necessary but clearly 
      you're enjoying it. You two kiss and then it's my turn. 
      You turn to me and kiss me and I lie back on the pillows and pull you into 
      me, feeling your breasts against my breasts is very erotic. You start to 
      work your way around my body. You string kisses to my breasts and then 
      start to fondle and lick them, you gently nibble on my nipples, each in 
      turn, and when it's clear that I enjoy this you nibble a little harder and 
      I again respond. You work your way down my body and then position yourself 
      between my legs, which part for you. You look at my very wet pussy, and 
      you part my lips to see more, you start to slide your fingers up and down; 
      you reach my clit and start to gently finger it. He is watching you, us, 
      but after a few minutes joins in and plays with my breasts. You look at me 
      as you move closer and then start to lick me. I've never felt anything so 
      erotic, another woman's tongue in my secret place. I can't lie still and 
      start to move and moan a little, encouraged by this you start to lick 
      harder, you suck my clit and then you slide one, then two, fingers into my 
      wetness. The combined efforts of you and he are too much for me, I try to 
      hold back and enjoy these new erotic sensations but I can't and with a 
      moan I too orgasm, you feel my muscles clenching inside. 

      You withdraw your hands and tongue but before you move you feel he behind 
      you, he's already rolled a condom on and with his hands on your hips he 
      slowly slides his cock into your wetness. You push back as he pulls you 
      onto him with his hands anchored to your hips. He starts to move harder 
      and finds a rhythm that penetrates you deeply. Meanwhile I move round and 
      slide under you, it's not easy and I've not done this position before but 
      I get my mouth to your pussy. I can feel your breasts dangling onto my 
      tummy and I move my hands to play with your nipples, to flick and gently 
      pull. I watch for a few moments, it's very erotic seeing fucking up this 
      close, his cock pounding in and out and your pussy dripping wetness. 
      I lift my head up and I start to lick, it's a bit hit and miss and I don't 
      want to interfere with our pleasure but I manage to lick his cock and your 
      lips and clit. He starts to move harder and you are moaning with the 
      pleasure, you've never felt anything like this before, oral and fucking 
      combined. I lick and suck at your clit harder. I move one hand from your 
      breasts to his balls and gently play with them as well. The fucking, 
      breathing and moaning gets harder and reaches a pinnacle, you orgasm and 
      your pleasure and contractions send him off too. You enjoy the moment the 
      pair of you and then he carefully withdraws and you both collapse on the 
      bed together. Some recovery time is needed I think.

      * * *

      Oral Pleasures
      It's been a while since we've seen each other, we've arranged to meet at 
      my house for dinner, and I hope you'll be staying the night. You arrive on 
      time and as you come in I get a big hug and a kiss, a very long and very 
      enjoyable kiss. I take your coat and we go and sit on the sofa close 
      beside each other. We exchange small talk but the sexual current is there, 
      it's strong and as I often do I wait and hope that you're about to make a 
      move on me. I don't, happily, have to wait long. You turn to me, pull me 
      close to you and start kissing me, teasing kisses around my lips on my 
      lips, I try to be patient but its been too long and I force the pace by 
      sliding my hands up from where they had been stroking your neck to hold 
      your head, then looking into each others eyes I boldly push my tongue in 
      between your lips. You can easily read how passionate I am feeling but are 
      not going to be rushed, you know how intense my orgasm will be if you make 
      me wait for it. Your tongue plays with mine but gently, softly; you pull 
      back and start again kissing around me mouth, my lips, darting your tongue 
      between them and pulling away. You use your hands to tilt my head and 
      slowly, leaving a wet trail, nibble and lick your way across my neck to my 
      ears, I love that, and it sends shivers of pleasure up my spine. You pull 
      back and ask me to turn round, sitting with my back to you. 
      I'm a little confused but do as you ask. You don't touch me at first, 
      letting the anticipation build and then you move my hair aside and start 
      kissing my neck, your hands gently massaging my shoulders and moving 
      around my back as you do. This is very nice, very sensual, I really enjoy 
      this. I lean back into you and as I do your hands slide slowly under my 
      arms and under my top to cup my breasts. You gently cup and squeeze them 
      and slowly run your fingers around and over my nipples, already very hard. 
      You slide your fingers into the cups but I want more, unrestricted access 
      for you and reach behind me to undo my bra, it falls away gently dropping 
      my breasts into your waiting fingers. You continue your caresses but it's 
      all too slow, too gentle. I pull your hands away, take my top off and turn 
      around to sit facing you naked from the waist up now. And you are too 
      dressed for what I want, I reach over and start to lift your t-shirt 
      moving it higher as I kiss the bare flesh it reveals, working my way up 
      your body. I avoid your hardened nipples deliberately and swiftly move to 
      pull the t-shirt over your head and toss it on the floor. I then go to 
      work on you, starting at your neck kissing and nibbling my way down your 
      body, I pause at your nipples and suck and nibble them too. I work my way 
      down to your waist and stop. I look up at you and smile, I want more to 
      play with. I undo your jeans and try to slide them down your hips but am 
      hindered by you sitting on the sofa and you're not moving to help me. 
      Deliberately. I've had enough, this was meant to be a romantic evening but 
      to be honest I need a long hard fuck all night long and your delaying 
      tactics are just turning me on more. 
      I take you by the hand, pull you to your feet and keeping hold of your 
      hand, take you upstairs to my bed where I can work magic on all parts of 
      you easily. You decide to take back control. As we stand by the bed you 
      undo my skirt and push it down to my feet, underneath I am naked. You 
      start kissing me again but this time you're not holding back your tongue 
      twines with mine and your hands again start caressing me, stroking my 
      bottom and working your way up my back. I am lost in the feelings, moaning 
      with pleasure. You gently push me back towards the bed, I feel it pressing 
      against the back of my thighs and the next thing I know I am lying flat on 
      the bed and you are kneeling down between my thighs. You've lost the 
      gentle lover look and quite roughly pull me to the edge of the bed, 
      pulling my legs apart as you do. 
      This is what I want, not slow gentle lovemaking but hard passion. You 
      slide your fingers up the inside of my thighs and use them to open my 
      lips; you can see how very wet and swollen I am. You move forward and 
      putting your tongue to my opening you start licking, hard, up and down, 
      roughly, I cry out at this contact it feels so good. I put my hands on 
      your head and pull you into me crying out for more, you lick for a while 
      longer but then seem to give in to my demands for more, you use the 
      fingers of one hand to pull up the hood, exposing my clitoris and then you 
      move in, sucking on my clit, I almost come instantly it's too intense, I 
      use my hands to try and push you away but you wont let me, you change to 
      short hard licks across it, but this is too much and I cry out and try to 
      close my legs, push you away. You stop and look up at me. "What is it you 
      want Mel? You don't want gentleness, you don't want me licking your pussy, 
      what is it?" I look at you, you've never been like this before so, 
      dominant, demanding, sure we talk during sex, we both enjoy that but 
      you've never been this way with me, it scares me a little. But then I 
      realise that is turning me on, being dominated a little in bed has always 
      turned me on. "I do want you to do that it was just too intense" "I don't 
      think you know what you want Mel, but I do, I know what you want". As I 
      continue to stare at you, my thoughts chaotic, you start to take off your 
      jeans and boxers, as you do your erection springs up, you're big, I don't 
      think you've been that big before, maybe you're enjoying this as much as I 
      am. 
      You go over to the chest of drawers on the far size of the room. I watch, 
      wondering what you are doing. You open the drawer and I see you take out 
      two silk scarves that have never had a conventional use. You come back 
      over to the bed "I'm in control. You obviously don't know what it is you 
      want so I am taking the decisions tonight and you'll do what I want you to 
      do. Now move further up the bed and stretch your hands out behind your 
      head". I don't even think about it I do it. You kneel beside me and 
      carefully tie each wrist to the bed head, I realise this is real; I can't 
      undo my wrists I am completely at your mercy. But I trust you, at least I 
      think I do, but then that's the point, the risk of the unknown is the turn 
      on. You lean over and kiss me and smile at me, a little wickedly I am 
      thinking, wondering what I am in for. You move to kneel between my legs, 
      you pause and look up at me "I'm going to pleasure you until you come and 
      if you can't keep still and take it like a woman I'll tie your legs as 
      well so you can't move. And as you come, I'm going to slide my cock into 
      you and fuck you hard and make you come, maybe more than once, before I 
      fill you with cum. Any arguments?" I swallow and quietly say "no". You 
      pull my legs up and apart and I feel exposed and vulnerable, I've never 
      felt this way before. 
      You look up at me before settling down. You again pull my lips apart and 
      start licking up and down, more gently this time, this is really nice. You 
      do that for a while whilst I gently bask in the pleasure. Then, without 
      any indication, you roughly slide two fingers into me and start playing 
      with my g-spot while your other hand exposes my clit and begins to nibble 
      at it, alternating with licking it hard. I can't help it, the feelings are 
      so intense I scream and try to move away from you, feelings of pleasure 
      bordering on pain that I have never felt before course through me. You 
      feel me getting wetter around your fingers and as my clit swells you don't 
      need to hold the hood and instead move your arm up to lie across my 
      stomach and pin me down as you continue your vigorous pleasuring. I'm 
      almost crying by now, no one has ever done this to me before, it's a very 
      extreme pleasure I'm not sure I'm enjoying. But the waves are building and 
      I can't stop them. You change pace and start licking roughly up and down 
      my wet lips taking the focus away from my clit but after a minute or two 
      of that you suddenly turn your attention back to my clit, it's too much, 
      as you move your fingers in and out, pressing harder now, you nibble at my 
      clit the final time as a huge wave of orgasm hits me, I can no longer 
      think, only feel and for a second or two things turn black. I have never 
      felt this good before. 
      As the orgasm hits me you lick for a few more seconds and then stop and 
      withdraw tongue and fingers. You watch my face looking at what you've 
      wrought in me, after a few seconds you move in close, position your cock 
      and as I open my eyes and look at you, you push in, hard, fast and deep. I 
      moan again as more intense feelings hit me, you moan as you feel my orgasm 
      still going on around your embedded cock, in that hot, tight wetness you 
      feel my muscles contracting around you. You start up a rhythm and lean 
      forward to kiss me, your tongue moving the same way as your cock. As the 
      pleasure grows you pull back to watch my face. You'd like to turn me over 
      and fuck me doggie style hard and fast but you'd have to stop and untie me 
      first, another time you promise yourself. And maybe the back door too. You 
      know I love that to be fucked hard up the arse, you've never known a woman 
      who enjoyed that so much. As you think about that and with my pussy 
      milking your cock you feel your own orgasm start to build. You lean down 
      and pay attention to my nipples, nibbling and sucking, they are very 
      erect, more so than you've seen them before perhaps.
      You can tell from my moans that a second orgasm is building for me also. 
      You thrust into me harder, faster, the pleasure builds you move your hands 
      to my breasts and take a nipple in each hand and start to gently tug, 
      knowing how much I can enjoy that. You can't hold back any longer and as 
      you start to come you pull hard on my nipples, it triggers my own orgasm 
      and my whole body is shivering with the power of it and as my muscles 
      tighten and spasm around your sheathed cock you too reach orgasm and shoot 
      your hot cum into me. You reach over and untie my hands before collapsing 
      on top of me; your breathing harsh and I put my arms around you and hold 
      you tight to me, our bodies still joined. 

      * * *

      Us
      I am lying there just floating on the glow of the intense orgasm I just 
      had, watching you rub my cum into your skin, caressing your tits and 
      belly, massaging the cum in. I am still lying there, floating, drifting, 
      not paying any obvious attention to you and certainly not doing anything 
      for you. By now you are wondering if this guy is going to be the typical 
      asshole guy who gets his rocks off and then drops off to sleep…and it 
      appears that this just might be the case. I am lying still and have my 
      eyes closed. You let out a sigh, hoping for a reaction. There is none. You 
      think, great! Here I am with a dripping wet pussy; just have worked my ass 
      off to get this guy off in a major way and I am left to solve my own 
      problem. You sigh again and flop down on the bed next to me and wonder… 
      should I toss this jerk out or just get off by myself right now. Getting 
      off right now has an appeal but what's fair is fair, right? Oh well, you 
      start tracing your fingers over your breasts, flicking your nipples as 
      they begin to get hard. One hand concentrates on getting a nipple really 
      rock hard, turgid. The other is slowly making it's way "south" toward that 
      dripping and very empty feeling pussy that so much wants some attention. 
      This is seeming better and better, you are hot and starting to focus on 
      the empty heat flowing from your pussy. The electricity zapping back and 
      forth between your breast and your pussy. You feel the every flick on your 
      nipple in your clit…. which is contracting into a tight mass of sensitive 
      nerve endings…all firing at once, it is tightening up and getting rather 
      hard and erect. 
      You feel my hand on your shoulder pushing you over, causing you to flip 
      from lying on your back to lying on your stomach. You feel me on your 
      back, my weight pressing you into the mattress. You can feel my cock 
      between your arse cheeks. It is hard. Life has, perhaps, taken a turn for 
      the better. I press you down into the mattress and hold your arms above 
      your head. You feel my cock sliding between your arse cheeks. I hold you 
      in that position for several moments and let you ponder what is to come 
      (or is it cum?) I let your arms go and you feel my hands on your 
      back…rubbing, kneading, applying warm oil, kneading the muscles in your 
      shoulders, rubbing your back, and working the muscles in a stimulating but 
      very relaxing manner. The conflict between the tension in your pussy and 
      the relaxation you're beginning to feel is strange but appealing. I work 
      my hands lower moving to your arse cheeks, kneading them and working the 
      muscles with more vigour than you particularly enjoy. The working of your 
      ass is having a pleasant effect on your pussy though. You can feel the 
      lips being pulled tight, pulling the hood of your vagina down over your 
      clit…relaxation turns back to excitement. I flip you back over so you are 
      once again reclining on your back and push your knees apart. 
      Your pussy opens and I can smell the strong musk that comes only from a 
      hot and wet pussy. I can see the swollen inner lips of your pussy, 
      engorged and sensitive, pushing your outer lips open. I lower my face to 
      you and flick your inner lips quickly and lightly with the tip of my 
      tongue. The electricity shoots through you. This is what you have been 
      waiting for. My tongue probes deeper into your pussy running up and down 
      your slit, opening you further. You can hear the wet slurping sound your 
      pussy is making. I probe deeper with my tongue running it up and down and 
      your slit and shallowly fucking you with my tongue. Your hips are moving 
      without your control trying to get that tongue to notice your swollen 
      clit. That will come, eventually. I concentrate on your pussy, the lips, 
      and the inner folds. They are getting hotter and wetter and even more 
      sensitive…this is good, very good but frustrating. Get to the clit! Your 
      hips are moving more insistently. The tension is building, building to 
      something huge, yet you know there is much more to come…but it's so 
      fucking big already. Can you handle it? Before you have time to answer 
      that question my tongue flicks over your clit, lightly and quickly. My 
      tongue has found its home. It hovers right on your clit flicking and 
      licking very softly. The electricity is shooting between your clit and 
      your nipples. You reach up and begin to flick your nipples as my tongue 
      works on your clit like a hummingbird. This is good, this is fucking good! 

      Your breath is becoming ragged. I increase the pressure of my tongue on 
      your clit and keep up the rapid licking. The sounds of slurping tell you 
      just how wet your hot pussy has become. The inner lips of your pussy are 
      even more swollen and more sensitive than you thought possible. I slide my 
      finger along the outside of those hot wet lips while I keep on licking 
      your clit. My tongue and finger are in perfect synchrony on clit and pussy 
      lips. Your hips are bucking trying to get my finger to move inside. Your 
      pussy feels so hot, so excited, but empty. I increase the pressure of my 
      tongue on your clit and slide my finger barely into your pussy. I lightly 
      stroke the outer portion of your pussy, the part where lots of nerve 
      ending are, you are slick with your juices and with my saliva. I switch 
      from licking your clit to gently sucking on it while flicking my tongue 
      back and forth over the firm little knob. As I do this I slide two fingers 
      into you open pussy and begin to slide them in and out slowly, much slower 
      than I am flicking my tongue over your clit. You feel the suction of my 
      mouth making your clit even more erect and the flicking tongue is 
      exquisite. My fingers slide in deeper and push against that little spot on 
      the roof of your pussy canal. I can feel the subtle knot that is just a 
      bit harder than the surrounding area in your pussy. My fingers have found 
      a home. I press on that spot with my fingertips and increase the sucking 
      on your clit and the pressure of my tongue. I keep sucking and licking and 
      begin to move my fingers in and out in time with my tongue. Pressing 
      firmly on the spot in your pussy each time my fingertips encounter it. My 
      fingers are moving faster and faster. You feel the tension building, 
      bigger than you thought possible. This is going to be a big one. You feel 
      the wave of an intense orgasm building and are now just hanging on trying 
      to not go insane from the waves of pleasure building in you. The 
      connection between your pussy and your nipples is almost visible to you in 
      your mind as a bright white-hot beam of light shooting between them. The 
      pressure on the spot in your pussy in so fucking good. 
      Your hips are moving out of control, bucking, you are calling out sounds, 
      not words…that is no longer possible. Instead, just primitive sounds, 
      moans, you are gasping for breath in long ragged bursts. The fingers and 
      the tongue and the sucking grow even more intense. I feel the walls of 
      your pussy contract on my fingers. The contraction is getting very strong, 
      squeezing my fingers. This is my signal that something is about to take 
      place. I increase my attention to you clit, going faster and faster while 
      still sucking, gently sucking though. My fingertips have focused on the 
      spot in your pussy are playing small intense circles over and over the 
      spot. You pussy is gripping my fingers so tightly that I can't really move 
      them much. Your legs come together and your thighs are squeezing my head 
      between them…. tighter and tighter. You scream out a shriek and sit 
      straight up squeezing my fingers even tighter with your pussy and bearing 
      down on my head with your thighs so hard that I am having trouble 
      breathing. I rise with you and keep the pressure on your clit and on the 
      spot in your clenching pussy. The wave of orgasm breaks. 
      You feel a wave of pleasure so intense that it feels like your skin is 
      being ripped open in a most delightful way. The wave of pleasure is just 
      gushing out of you and your juices are flowing from you pussy. You feel a 
      squirt of juices from your pussy and wonder for a moment if you have 
      pissed the bed. Who the fuck cares? This is good, this is so good. You can 
      see bright white and red light behind your eyes even though they are 
      tightly shut. It seems like every muscle in your entire body is both 
      contracted and pleasantly relaxed at the same moment. Is this heaven? The 
      flicking on your clit continues but slightly less intensely, the pleasure 
      has peaked (and what a peak!). The pressure on the spot in your pussy is 
      lessening. You feeling the warm flowing glowing floating sensation. The 
      muscles in your body relax. The muscles in your pussy relax. My fingers 
      slide gently in and out of your pussy and then stop. I slowly slide them 
      out; you feel empty again but sated. The flicking tongue slows and them 
      stops. You notice that you can breathe again but for some reason you are 
      still out of breath so you slowly take long deep breaths. I come up and 
      lay beside you. My face is wet with your juices. I hold you in my arms 
      tightly and you feel my hard cock against your leg. It is rock hard and 
      throbbing…
      The End. 
     

The Unfaithful Girlfriend by Clarence Tydings


Chapter 1


Though it was scarcely thirty minutes into twilight, darkness was 
beginning to settle thickly over the city of New York, and night's 
sudden approach was nowhere more apparent than by the fountain in 
Central Park. But the sudden encroachment of darkness was halted this 
particular evening, and the well-manicured lawns of the Park, still 
bearing the traces of summer green well into September, were brightly 
lighted with a half dozen carbon arcs, their bluish smoke-streams 
faintly trailing out behind them as they cast a daylight-bright glow 
onto the trio of fashion models being led through their practiced 
motions by one of the city's leading ad agency creative directors, 
Marty Felder. And mingled in with the crowd of curious passers-by and 
agency hangers on were two young people who viewed the fascinating 
scenario of television color commercials being created with particular 
interest, Jessica Richards and her boyfriend, Phillip Wright, had not 
chanced on this happening-in-the-Park; their presence had been 
carefully calculated, right down to the cost of the subway that brought 
them here from Jessica's aunt's brownstone house down near the Village. 
Actually, the scheming was more of Jessica's doing than of Phillip's, 
for she alone had a real and clearly defined reason for being present 
when Marty Felder put his models through their paces. Jessica, too, was 
a model; at least, she'd studied successfully with one of the east's 
top modeling schools and had been through the necessary requisites of 
fifteen dollar modeling assignments and posing for the mandatory badge 
of the modeling profession, the portfolio of stills every girl lugged 
from agency to agency until she found just that right break that tossed 
her into the hundred dollar an hour league and splashed her features 
across the country's biggest magazines. But Jessica Richards had not 
yet discovered that break, though she'd tried as diligently and 
determinedly as any girl in New York, and Marty Felder offered her the 
one shortcut available. But it was a painful shortcut she dreaded to 
take, one that would destroy everything between her and Phillips if he 
were to find out.

It was a week ago today, almost exactly to the minute, when she'd 
finally managed an interview with the heavy, beady eyed Felder in his 
plush paneled offices on the thirteenth floor of a Madison Avenue 
skyscraper. Phillip, true to their long-standing rules of job-hunting, 
had waited outside on the Avenue; he'd finished his own round of agency 
visits before noon, unsuccessful for the third week running in his hunt 
for an art opening where he could use his New York School of Fine Arts 
training better than at the bargain-basement department store 
advertising department he'd just quit. Most of the agency people had 
already cleared their desks and gone back to Connecticut and Long 
Island when Felder remembered his four-thirty appointment still sitting 
in his reception office, and with a flourish of obviously contrived 
courtesy, ushered her in for a quick cursory glance at her well-
traveled portfolio, now slightly the worse for wear from being dragged 
from one agency to another, from modeling house to advertising agency 
to television package producers to network casting offices.

Marty Felder proved to be a man incapable of beating around the bush; 
but neither did he fail to choose his words oh-so-carefully, with the 
polished subtlety of a man long accustomed to propositioning eager 
young girls who searched him out in their quest for modeling success. 
He was just obvious enough to make his point, even with the paddle-
headed adolescent he mistakenly thought she was; subtle enough to avoid 
being hauled into court by some sly, recorder-carrying golddigger, in 
case his long-perfect appraisal of his young job-seeker proved grossly 
incorrect.

"It's easy to go a long way in this business, Miss Richards," he had 
smoothly purred that late afternoon, "It just depends on your looks, 
which you've obviously got, and your, uh ..."--he paused here 
dramatically for a long, slow exploratory assessment of every rich full 
swell and hollow of her five-and-three-quarters feet, obviously 
impressed with the fullness and maturity nineteen years had brought to 
his blonde guest--"... cooperation," he continued finally, after 
satisfying himself, apparently, that the ripely blossoming teenager 
sitting before him was worth a few minutes of his busy day. She sat 
uncomfortably in silence for a few moments, while Felder retraced with 
his eyes his hungry path over her bulging knit sweater and matching 
belted hot pants, coursing down over her young body, following the 
rippling wave of her luxuriant, rich blonde hair as it spilled over the 
ripe swells of her breasts like sparkling water over polished stone. 
She had managed a feeble, stammering reply to his unveiled proposition, 
a proposition of her own that she'd have to think about his terms. 
Jessica had surprised even herself with her unabashed frankness that 
day, for she had never had to face such an enigmatic obstacle before. 
Until then, it was always a no, yes or nothing for her career as far as 
he was concerned ...

*  *  *

Marty Felder glanced up from his crouching position, where he was 
squinting into a Minolta spot-type lightmeter the photographer was 
holding toward the carefully-poised form of Gloria Annenburg, an 
Austrian import who was one of Felder's discoveries and who, Madison 
Avenue legend has it, occupies a bedroom suite of her own in his mid-
town penthouse, available at any hour to satisfy the terms of her 
meteoric success in a most unique manner. He spotted Jessica, smiled 
openly, then visibly cooled as he checked out the dimensions of her 
escort. For though only twenty one, Phillip Wright was excellently 
built, broad through the shoulders and chest, but with a slim tapered 
waist that evidenced his morning three-mile runs and high-protein diet. 
Phillip determined long ago that, while he was definitely an artist, it 
wasn't necessary to effect that gaunt, teetering-at-starvation's-door 
appearance so many of his contemporaries seemed to carry like an 
identification card of their trade.

Jessica excused herself by telling Phillip, quite truthfully, that she 
had to deliver a message to Mr. Felder.

She moved forward through the curiously-staring crowd, elbowing past a 
couple of elderly ladies in true New Yorker fashion, a tactic she'd 
managed to learn, though California was her real home. At the crowd's 
edge was a taut, heavy rope, carefully placed just far enough back to 
keep prying hands from the thousands of dollars worth of expensive 
equipment. As Jessica started to lift the restraining rope, one of the 
agency's hired private police hurried to intercept her; he was a 
frightfully old, rather rheumatic gentleman, unusually absurd in the 
blue uniform of the law. He looked as though he could possibly, and 
only possibly, be a marshal in a retirement home.

"Sorry, Miss. This is as far as you can go. These people have city 
permission," he said as if he expected her to question their legality. 
"You'll have to stay behind the line with all the others."

Jessica smiled brightly, unruffled, "I'm a friend of Mr. Felder." The 
geriatric officer looked puzzled, "You know, the man over there ... the 
one who hired you.

The uniformed guard looked in the direction of the cameras and 
operating lights, remembering finally that there was, indeed, a Mr. 
Felder running the show. Marty caught his eye and signaled an okay.

"Thank you ever so much," said Jessica cheerily as me old man held the 
rope high enough for her to walk through without bending.

The heavily perspiring Felder nodded and smiled thinly at her approach, 
sending one of his mini-clad secretaries off to get some coffee as 
Jessica carne closer. "Well, fancy meeting you out here in Central 
Park," he smiled slightly arrogantly.

Jessica decided to waste no time; his tone was beginning already to 
bear some traces of hostility. She had a task to do ... and there was 
no logic in waiting a second longer than necessary.

"I ... I ... uh, wanted to tell you I've made up my mind on your ... 
your offer," she said, a bit embarrassed that someone might be 
listening. She thought she heard a muffled chuckle behind her, but 
decided not to turn around. Her head was lowered just a bit, her eyes 
darting around at the impressive array of network-owned television 
equipment, her gaze averted from Felder's.

"Right, baby!" he nearly shouted. He started to put his hands on her 
shoulders, but remembered the healthy-looking friend still out there in 
the crowd. "How about tomorrow night? You can meet me at the office 
around seven thirty. I'll tell the night security man your name and you 
can come right up."

Jessica regained her courage and looked him in the eye again, "Okay. 
I'll be there."

"Marvelous, sweetie," he leered, "Dinner first, then ... Well, we'll 
have to see what happens."

*  *  *

Phillip had that questioning look about him when she managed to squeeze 
her way back to him, but he chose not to ask any questions. They 
watched a little longer, then, like most of the others, began to leave 
when real darkness set in. New Yorkers would rather be in the relative 
safety of their own apartments when nighttime arrives, and Jessica and 
Phillip were no exceptions. Only tonight, Jessica had invited Phillip 
to spend the night at her aunt's. He'd have to use the living room 
sofa, of course, but this way they'd be up early and off for their 
picnic out at the beach.

"Let's forget a cab tonight," suggested Jessica, her arm around his 
hips as they walked slowly toward the subway stairs. There were still 
plenty of people about, and even here on the edge of Central Park, they 
felt safe and comfortable.

"I'd hoped you wouldn't mind," confessed Phillip. "Actually, I was 
worried I wouldn't have enough to get us out to Coney Island. I'm 
sorry, Jessica, I just don't know where the money went. I guess ..."

"Quiet, darling," she said, squeezing him tightly, "I don't care about 
the money. You'll have tons of it one day. I just know you will. With 
your talent, it's only a matter of time before you're the hottest art 
talent in the business. You'll see, Phillip." 

Phillip didn't reply; he had heard Jessica's optimistic praise before, 
and though he hoped her enthusiasm was warranted, he was fast getting 
tired. Tired of being turned down, tired of hunting for that big break 
that might not even be there. He held Jessica's slender young body 
close to his, reassuringly. Nighttime settled quickly in the canyons of 
the city, and her radiant warmth felt good in the evening chill. His 
right hand was in his trousers pocket, and with his fingers, Phillip 
could feel the paper-thin fold of one-dollar bills. And that was all he 
had left from his final paycheck at the store, all until the elusive 
opening came his way.

And he couldn't help wondering if it would ever come at all.



Chapter 2


Jessica's aunt, Mildred Whithers, was asleep when they arrived, a small 
blessing she was indeed grateful for, as Aunt Mildred had a tendency to 
ramble on for hours, particularly when she had me rare privilege of 
meeting new people. Jessica helped her boyfriend make up his bed on the 
sofa and tip-toed upstairs to her bedroom, kissing him affectionately 
before her departure.

She unfastened the clip at the back of her head and brushed the day's 
knots and tangles from her thick blonde hair, sitting before the 
antique vanity mirror on a padded stool. Her thoughts went back to the 
last time she and Phillip had been together, other than their daytime 
meetings for job-hunting. They had borrowed a car from a friend of his 
from school and driven up into the New York upstate hillsides. Her 
heart nearly missed a beat even now, thinking about me beauty and 
romance of it all. They had found a gorgeously secluded place for 
sharing their picnic lunch, and before either of them realized it, 
their warm kisses had become flaming hot caresses. She remembered 
Phillip's hand on her breasts; the way she'd offered no resistance as 
he unfastened her bra, thinking that nothing would be wrong with it, 
the tender tingle of his fingers on her young nipples, the way he made 
her gasp for breath and squeal as he played with her breasts there on 
me grassy hillside beneath a sheltering elm tree. And she recalled also 
how she'd been so dreamily unconcerned with the reality of it all, 
blinded by the rapturous music of romance, that she hadn't stopped his 
hand as it slid up her leg with one smooth, unhesitating movement and 
went straight under the thin sheerness of her panties to the pink moist 
lips of her vagina. Even now her mouth went dry at the memory of that 
moment, at the frightening closeness she had experienced that 
afternoon, a closeness to losing her virginity she had failed so 
blindly to see coming. She had been nearly crazy with love for Phillip 
that day when his fingertips played tenderly with me ragged pink 
flanges of her pussy, tweaked playfully the tender nerve-filled bud of 
her clitoris. His fingers had probed deeply into the hot thin vaginal 
passage up between her slightly parted legs as he had tried to tug her 
panties down. It seemed now that perhaps it was the chill of the air on 
her unaccustomedly naked thighs that triggered her response, returned 
her to normalcy. Phillip had first pleaded, then argued, and finally, 
demanded that she cooperate, but she had resolutely stood her ground, 
and in me end, she emerged the winner. He had pouted for awhile, 
looking for all the world like a five year old who'd been deprived of a 
toy. Then, he'd finally begun to speak to her again, offering to do 
anything she liked to make it safe. Use rubbers, pull it out in time, 
anything ... and the rest of their day was far from the spring-like 
romance it had been before. They had driven back to the city in near 
silence, speaking only as necessary, and then only in monosyllabic 
mutterances, her with an uncomfortable wetness between her legs that 
soaked her panties and threatened to stain through her dress. And 
Phillip with that bulging hardness under his trousers mat she could see 
so clearly in the light from the automobile dash gauges.

And now this! How could she reconcile all that with what had just this 
evening happened? She couldn't pretend she didn't know what Marty 
Felder wanted of her, that she didn't know the full lurid extent of his 
proposition. How could she leave her own real love alone on the sofa 
when tomorrow she would be called on to ... Oh God, she just couldn't 
bear to think about it! It was just more than she could handle tonight 
... tomorrow would have to take care of itself.

Jessica undressed and slipped between the cool crisp sheets and soon 
sank into a tossing, fitful sleep.

Jessica's restlessness had kicked the covers off her naked young body 
as she dreamed a tormented dream of lovemaking, of Phillip's nakedness 
against hers. And of Marty Felder.

Her door opened gently and squeaked a shrill alarm that seemed a dozen 
times louder in the quiet of the night. Jessica opened her eyes as 
Phillip stepped into the room, wearing nothing but his white 
undershorts.

"Phillip! Have you lost your mind?!" she tried to whisper and shout at 
the same time.

He came over toward her in the pale moonlight from the open second 
story window; she could see the bulging mound concealed inside his 
shorts and knew instantly what was on his mind.

"Phillip," she repeated, "you must be crazy. Aunt Mildred will hear you 
and throw us both out! You have to leave ... now!"

But he came at her and pulled her up into his arms, yanking her 
nakedness up against his strong body and kissing her furiously, his 
tongue snaking between her lips hungrily. She felt frightened and 
strangely excited at the same time, and a kind of emptiness ached in 
her belly. He pushed forward and she yielded to the powerful pressure, 
falling back onto the bed beneath his crushing weight. His hand began 
to rake her body, smoothing over the ripe swell of her bare breasts; 
his lips found her pink crinkly nipple and he bit into it painfully. 
She covered her mouth hurriedly to stifle the cry that nearly escaped.

"No, Phillip, no!" she whispered angrily, aware now of the dangerous 
position she was in.

But his hand roamed caressingly over her body, gently over ribs and 
belly, stroking the fragrant, sparse fleece of her pubis so that she 
itched between her legs and squirmed to escape his teasing touch. But 
his hand soon found her treasures again and pushed aside the soft pink 
lips of her pussy as his tongue had pushed aside hers. She gasped, 
nearly choking from the surprised entry, squirming still, but now 
against his fingers rather than away.

"Oh, Phillip, please," she murmured, breathlessly now, "We can't ... we 
can't."

In an instant, he was out of his shorts and Jessica could feel the 
huge, hot throbbing of his penis against her hip in the darkness. His 
ravishing fingers probed deeper and deeper in her tender virginal 
passage. Her neck arched off the mattress, her teeth gritted, as she 
managed a weak, rasping, "N-No, Phillip ... p-please ..."

Phillip took her hand and placed it on his prick; she recoiled at the 
initial touch. God, it was enormous ... she'd never realized they were 
so huge! His own fingers over hers began a slow massaging motion and 
when he pulled away, her fingertips continued the gentle caressing 
movement on their own. As much from curiosity as from passion, Jessica 
allowed her fingers to drop down to the hairy swollen firmness of his 
balls, and she stroked them gently, holding their heavy weight in her 
open palm. Phillip was grinding his teeth noisily and grunting between 
breaths. She felt the first oozing drop of semen on her thigh as his 
immense cock rested there; for a moment, she wondered if that might be 
his ejaculation, but his prick was still as hard and rigid as a young 
sapling.

"Jessica, darling, please ... we've got to, honey, or I'll go crazy!"

"Phillip, we've been through this before. I told you ... no, no!"

And even as she mouthed her words, refused him, Jessica knew it wasn't 
right. Dear God, how can I refuse him? How can I refuse myself?!

She knew she couldn't stop him if he really wanted to; only yelling to 
Aunt Mildred for help could stop him, and she'd never do that. After 
all, this wasn't any villainous intruder. This was Phillip!

"Jesus, I've got to have you," he moaned and rolled onto her. She 
squirmed to get from beneath him, but was not strong enough to lift his 
weight. 

"No, please, no!"

She clenched her thighs tight together snub felt the immensity of his 
throbbing, lust-inflated cock between them, long and hard in the vise-
like grip of her bare legs. In one last effort to ward off his 
frightening advance, Jessica squeezed her legs even tighter together. 
at can 't be like this! I've got to have time to think!

There was a gasp ... Phillip moaned, holding his breath interminably, 
and suddenly Jessica felt his prick expand and shudder as if alive. He 
gasped a quick breath, then gasped again and again as Jessica felt the 
hot sticky flood of his climax splatter over her thighs and drip down 
between them.

His weight was like a dead man on her as he lay there very still his 
breath erratic and panting. She stroked his head tenderly, afraid now 
that his cries might have awakened Aunt Mildred. But there was no sound 
from down the hall if, indeed, she was awake.

He lay there a very long time, then climbed wearily to his feet, 
searching for his undershorts in the darkness. She grabbed his arm and 
Sculled him to her face, kissing him warmly. There were no words ... 
and there seethed no need for any.

Jessica closed her eyes as she heard the bedroom dour softly shut. And 
in a few minutes, she was asleep again, as though he'd never been there 
nakedly beside her ...



Chapter 3


Jessica identified herself to the uniformed night guard at Marty 
Felder's Madison Avenue agency address; the old man said nothing, but 
gave her a knowing wink as he motioned toward the elevators. Obviously, 
after-hours visitors were not out of the ordinary for Felder, something 
she could have guessed quite easily without the old man's help.

The agency door was open when she stepped from the elevator car at the 
thirteenth floor; down the long open central room she could see a 
couple of young men, most likely copywriters, at work at a large desk 
in the back. Behind them was a cork storyboard, with paste-up drawings 
of the television commercial frames yet to be filmed. They were using a 
small Sony tape recorder, and the peppy jingle sounded odd and out-of-
place, somehow out of context. Marty's door was open, too-that was 
something she'd noticed about advertising agencies, people seldom 
worked behind closed doors. She didn't know whether to attribute that 
to a convivial sense of sharing, or if the well-known agency "pirating" 
was more likely the reason for giving no one cause to be suspicious.

Felder was up and out of his chair before Jessica reached the doorway. 
"Hello, luv'," he greeted her, "I was just finishing up. Let's go out 
through the parking garage and I'll get out of these work clothes." 
Jessica thought his outfit was more than adequate for anything going at 
this hour in New York, but she didn't question him.

"Sure. Anything you say." The two young men in the back of the main 
work room, their slightly-long hair over their expensive collars, 
glanced up, frozen in mid-stride, for a moment. The raucous, tiny 
jingle blared on; then after smiling knowingly they went back to their 
work.

Felder led the way down the darkened corridor, past the brightly-
decorated offices of the creative staff of Hartfield and Marsh. Jessica 
tried to steal a quick glance into the empty offices as they hurried 
past; many of the walls were covered with color eight by ten's of 
models for the agencies various accounts-models like herself. Or like 
she wanted to be.

"My car's in the basement," said Felder, "Why don't you go on down. 
It's a Cadillac ... Eldorado. It's safe down there, lots of lights, and 
a night attendant. Just tell him you're looking for my car. I've got to 
stop by the sixteenth floor and use the telex line. But only for a 
minute, okay? Be right there." And with that, he left the elevator and 
she was alone again. When the car reached its destination and the doors 
opened again, she discovered she was in a cavernous, neon-lit basement 
garage, all purple and humming from the thin tubes that lined the 
ceiling. Another guard, almost identical to the one she'd first 
encountered on coming in from Madison Avenue, stirred from his folding 
aluminum chair when the metal doors whirred open.

"Yes, Ma'am, can I help you," he offered politely, smiling rather 
mechanically.

"Mr. Felder told me to wait for him here ... in his car."

"Yes, Ma'am," said the guard, "it's over there. The dark green one."

Jessica thanked him and followed his directions to a Forest Green 
Eldorado and climbed in. She nestled down in the luxurious interior, 
surrounded by yards of natural leather; even the smell of the car was 
rich. It felt oddly homey and familiar, as if a car like this was where 
she had belonged all along. She had turned the collar of her coat up 
and was sitting with her eyes closed when Felder arrived.

"Like it. baby?" he asked, standing in the splash of multi-colored 
lights that lit-up instantly when he opened the door.

"Yes, it's beautiful. But it must have cost a lot of money," she said 
rather innocently.

"Yeah, but it's worth it. When you've got a job like mine, first 
impressions mean a lot. You'd be surprised how many people judge a man 
by the car he drives." 

"Yes ... I suppose so."

After crossing town, knifing through the early evening traffic like an 
expensive cruiser cuts through water, they entered another underground 
garage, waiting for the gates to electrically open after Marty had 
pressed the button installed under the left side of the Cadillac's 
dash.

"Radio-controlled," he said by way of explanation.

Jessica only nodded, looked up with her neck craned for a better look 
at this frightfully expensive looking apartment building near the south 
end of Central Park. She wasn't certain exactly where, for she had 
become lost in the quick series of corners they'd taken from Madison 
Avenue.

The elevator door was open for them, and in a few quick moments, they 
were on the twenty-third floor. When they were in the entry hallway, 
Jessica glanced around, wondering which of the four doorways was 
Felder's. She eyed the nameplates of each, but none gave her a clue ... 
Robbins, Saperstein, Alexander, and Van Root.

"No, not here. We've got one more elevator to take," said Felder. It 
was only then that Jessica noticed the steel-blue doors of the second 
elevator; but this one had no call buttons to push, only a keyed plate 
midway up the wall beside the doors. Marty inserted a key from his key-
ring and turned it halfway. The doors opened with an electronic noise 
like something out of a spy-thriller movie; bright light spilled out 
into the corridor.

"Hop aboard. It's the Felder Express," he laughed.

Jessica stepped inside and watched curiously as he pressed the sole 
button, marked "P." Only then did she realize Marty Felder owned the 
penthouse.

His condominium apartment was immense, even for this plush section of 
New York, and from any of his four terraces, there was a spectacular 
view of the world's number one city by night. Looking out over the 
sparkling lights, you could almost forget about the crime and abuse, 
the filth and pollution that had scarred New York like the ravages of 
leprosy. Jessica stood by the railing, breathing in the cool night air 
mat seemed somehow less dirty now that night had hidden the belching 
Con Edison smokestacks and the millions of reeking exhaust pipes in a 
mantle of darkness.

"Gee, Mr. Felder, it must be exciting living here like this. I mean, 
you've got a view of the whole city. There must be something going on 
all the time down there. And you can see all of it any time you like!" 
Jessica was busily taking it all in, following the sweep of the streets 
and avenues she was able to identify, including the dazzling streak of 
incandescent splendor that marked the course of Broadway cutting 
diagonally across the crowded Manhattan Island.

When she didn't get an answer, she turned to see where her host--and 
hopefully, her employer--had taken himself. She spotted him at the 
opposite end of the long richly-carpeted living room, busily fiddling 
with a thermos-sealed canister and a tiny colored pipe that appeared to 
be made of stone or clay. "In here, honey!" he shouted, and Jessica 
went back inside from the glorious night to join him. She could feel 
her pulse racing much quicker than usual and she knew it was from the 
boost of adrenaline she'd just received from the excitement of being in 
this movie-set world, an exclusive tiny portion of the city that was 
usually reserved for the very rich or the very famous. And she was 
here, she was a part of it! This was the storybook fantasy world she 
had dreamed of for so many years ... and now there was a chance for it 
to all become real!

"Have a little of this, it'll take the day's tensions away in a hurry," 
offered Felder, extending his hand with the tiny reddish-colored pipe 
between his thumb and first finger.

Jessica took the proffered calmative cautiously, eyeing the smoldering 
Middle-Eastern-looking device with growing suspicion. One sharp inhale 
of the curling bluish smoke confirmed her fears ... it was hashish! 

"First time?"

"Uh, no ... I just didn't recognize it at first," lied Jessica. 
Actually, she had been around it often enough; she'd watched her 
friends get stoned out of their minds plenty of times. But she'd never 
gathered the courage to try it herself. Oh hell, it can't be all that 
bad ... didn't the government admit that millions of Americans have 
tried marijuana or hashish at least once.?

"Well, anyway, here, give it a try."

"Oh, I don't know ... maybe a glass of wine or something might be 
better," she said.

But Felder was insistent, "Go ahead. It won't hurt you. And it won't 
pickle your liver like wine will. Come on, live a little."

Those words were familiar ... when she'd come here from Ohio, that had 
been her exact plan--to live a little. She took the pipe from him and 
took a light cautious puff, more like a sip than a swallow.

"No, no," corrected Felder, "You've got to hold it all down. Take a 
really deep drag and keep it in your lungs as long as you can."

Jessica followed his instructions and nearly choked on the sweet-
smelling smoke as it filled her lungs until she thought they'd burst or 
catch fire. But she managed to hold it down a few seconds.

"That's better," said Felder. "Take a look at me doing it once and 
you'll be smoking it like a pro." He held the clay pipe's tip between 
his slightly-parted lips, not touching it, and inhaled a thick acrid 
cloud of the smoke. Jessica imitated his technique, and this time she 
felt the powerful fumes trigger a hidden alarm somewhere in the 
recesses of her brain. When he passed it back to her once again, she 
pushed it away, "I think that's enough for me, Mr. Felder. It sort of 
makes me dizzy, you know?" She realized she was grinning when she 
spoke, and she felt suddenly very foolish and silly, like she wanted to 
giggle.

"You've hardly started, baby," he insisted, and handed the warm pipe 
back to her.

"Well, maybe, just once more. And I'd like to hear more about what kind 
of job you have for me ... you did say there was something available, 
didn't you?"

"Sure, baby, sure. Only let's not talk business right now. I've been 
doing that all day. Here, have another drag on the ol' pipe."

Somewhat reassured now, Jessica took another drag from the glowing 
pipe-bowl, watching it intently as it flared into a red hot ball of 
sticky hashish coals from her sharp intake of breath.

"Now, see what I mean," said Felder, his hand on her shoulder lightly, 
"it's damn good hash, right?"

Jessica opened her mouth to speak, but there was nothing there. Her 
head suddenly began to spin like a carrousel, and when she looked out 
the huge expanse of plate glass that lined the living room, she saw 
only a whirling kaleidoscope of jewel-like pinpoints of color and light 
racing by. Suddenly she was very frightened ... she'd never been 
totally out of control of her own body. But now she was; her muscles 
and limbs refused to be commanded by her brain.

Jessica closed her eyes for a moment. It wasn't really a voluntary act, 
more the forced surrender of her heavy eyelids to me powerful drug. And 
when she opened them again, reluctantly, she gasped for breath, nearly 
crying out at the unexpected surprise that greeted her.

Marty Felder was naked!



Chapter 4


It took nearly a full minute for the horrible realization to sink in, 
to etch its rabid truth in the cells of her drugged brain. Again she 
tried to speak, to scream, anything, but it was useless. She looked at 
him dumbly, her eyes now glazed with the grayish translucence familiar 
to chronic hashish smokers. He was fatter than she would have imagined 
... his flesh sagged and was smeared with the wetness of his 
perspiration. Under the drooping sag of his belly, his penis jutted out 
like a small cannon, surrounded by a jet black fuzz of hair. She 
giggled hysterically, unable to help herself, then shivered violently. 
The dawning awareness of what he had in store for her revolted her. The 
very thought of his middle-aged paunch sprawled over her naked body was 
too much. Just the very thought was enough to turn her stomach ... she 
couldn't believe that she would ever have agreed to even come here. And 
certainly not ... this!

Felder came toward her, his eyes bugged with delight as he mentally 
undressed his prize young catch, pausing to savor me choicer parts of 
her ripening anatomy. "Take your dress off," he ordered roughly, a 
changed, more menacing person now under me effects of the powerful 
African hallucinogenic.

Jessica shook her head firmly, "N-No, no ... I can't. I-I can't do it."

"Take it off, you Goddamn bitch, or I'll take it off for you!" he 
barked.

Jessica looked around vainly for a way out, but remembered the locked 
elevator and the intricate winding route back to the outside; she'd 
never escape him by running, that was certain.

"Well, what're you waiting for, cunt? Take that damn dress off ... 
right now!"

Jessica knew she had to do something to buy some time, even if it meant 
stripping her clothes off in front of this horrid man. She slipped the 
short dress over her head with trembling fingers, standing before him 
now in bra and panties and panty hose, still wearing her leader boots 
that stopped just below the knee. He gazed wildly at her long legs, so 
pertly trim and smooth, her firm breasts which made little white mounds 
over the cups of her bra, her snow-white bare midriff, the gentle swell 
of her roundly curved young hips. His penetrating look frightened her 
even more, and she gasped, tearfully, "I can't ... Please don't make me 
do it. I can't!"

He came toward her. His eyes showed no chance of escape for her-they 
were lustful, cruel and unyielding. Suddenly his strong arms enveloped 
her and his lips engulfed hers voraciously, sucking them into his wet, 
drooling mouth. She began to struggle, but she was so dizzy from the 
hashish she could scarcely stand. She knew any minute she would buckle 
and collapse in a heap on the floor. She fought to retain 
consciousness, her one chance to prevent this awful nightmare from 
happening to her. His tongue seemed to fill her mouth, brushing wetly 
around inside, and blocking the much-needed air necessary for the young 
blonde to remain conscious. His flesh smelled sweaty, strongly so in 
his lustful straining fury, and seemed to surround her, trapping her 
like a tiny flower in one huge meaty palm.

"No, no, I won't," she insisted, regaining a measure of her courage, 
"let me go this minute, you hear!"

She struggled furiously but he moved her with him across the luxurious 
room as if they were one body, seeming to flow like liquid, heedless of 
her feeble resistance. She felt a great, frenzied fear knotted in her 
belly and her body and limbs began to tremble uncontrollably. The 
dizziness was growing worse, the whole room spinning crazily around her 
in a topsy-turvy kaleidoscope of colors and light.

She found the ceiling was straight ahead. It couldn't be true! She was 
flat on her back, pinned like some small helpless captive prey before 
this beast. There was a crushing weight on her that emptied her lungs 
... a strong hand snatched the sheer fabric of her bra away. The air 
was suddenly chill and menacing on her naked young breasts. Felder's 
probing fingers found the taut band of her panties and pulled, yanking 
them, along with her pantyhose down to her knees. 

"Kick off those boots ... right now!"

She obeyed, and in another instant, she was naked, her body uncovered 
now and vulnerable to this sadistic animal's hungry touch. His body 
seemed to flow over her in a crushing tide, like molten lava. His hands 
were everywhere, on her face, sliding down over the quivering pink buds 
of her nipples, down between the sides of her whitely trembling young 
thighs. She blacked out for a moment, then regained her senses ... 
there was a sudden deep, thrusting entry as if a thick pole had been 
rammed into her body. She gasped and jerked away, terrified, but the 
ravaging member followed her splitting into the softness of her pubic 
hair and the wet mouth came back onto her, nibbling at her lips and her 
tongue ...

"Aaaaaggggghhhhh!" The red-hot poker was suddenly in her, pistoning 
between her thighs and on up into her open cunt so that the smooth 
moist walls inside seemed to be burning in raging flames and her whole 
lower body felt about to split apart. Tears gushed down her cheeks and 
she began to sob hysterically. The room began again to spin and tumble 
and, mercifully, she lost consciousness.

*  *  *

It seemed hours later when Jessica came to. She wasn't sure how long it 
had been, but the night was still outside at least. She was aware that 
her breasts were being stroked and that there was a great hot weight of 
flesh along her back. She discovered that she was lying on her side on 
a leather sofa, completely naked. The surroundings seemed unfamiliar, 
she had forgotten her own entry a short while ago. Her head ached and, 
more noticeably, her vagina throbbed with a painfulness that seemed to 
radiate throughout her whole torso. It felt as if a solid wedge of 
something was inside her, but there was nothing. Gradually her memory 
returned; without moving she lowered her eyes to the alien hand that 
openly caressed her breasts. It had actually happened ... she wasn't a 
virgin any longer. She'd lost it, and quite completely, judging from 
the aching between her legs. It didn't seem to matter now. All that 
fear she had had was just in her mind. Except that it would have been 
much better with Phillip; she regretted now having rebuffed him. She 
spoke, not particularly to anyone, as if Marty Felder didn't exist.

"How about something to drink?"

The hot hand slipped down over her belly and the fingers traced a line 
over the curve of her girlish hip to rest on the smooth naked flesh of 
her buttocks. There was a grunting heaving movement accompanied by 
pressure on her firm buttocks-cheek. Felder lifted himself from behind 
her.

"Sure, baby. You deserve a drink after the performance you gave."

He came into view between her feet. She watched with revulsion as his 
thick flaccid cock dangled from the clump of hair beneath his paunchy 
belly. It was wet and sticky, and a thin trail of semen broke away as 
he moved from her. It seemed impossible now, but it was true enough ... 
this man had just fucked her ... yes, that was the word ... fucked her, 
used her like some common whore. God, it was too much to believe.

"How about a beer? I've got some cold ones here in the cooler."

"Anything. Just make it quick."

He handed her a glass mug of chilled beer and she quickly gulped it 
down. He climbed over her and she lay perfectly still, offering no 
resistance. He lay down behind her again, his body tight against her 
backside. She tried to ignore him, as if somehow by not having to face 
his hot presence, he would vanish. She'd never felt lower in her life; 
it was as if she had sunk into some bottomless pool of depravation and 
shame. She finished the last of the beer; it offered some little solace 
as the alcohol seemed to clear the cobwebs left from the hashish from 
her brain. She felt his body snuggle closer; he had a big, hard 
erection. She could feel it poking into the cleavage of her naked 
buttocks from behind, its bulbous head prodded between the firm, softly 
yielding cheeks of her youthful ass.

"I've never had a virgin before. Didn't know how much I was missing," 
he said slyly, a sinister grinning smirk on his sweaty face.

"And what makes you think you've had one now."

"Wow, baby, you've got to be kidding! Right up till you went under, you 
were like a wild woman." He spat out the words with gleeful enjoyment, 
obviously relishing the memory of his vicious sadistic assault.

She didn't say anything. She simply lay there, her mind almost blank, 
broken only once in awhile by the flickering memories of her nights 
with Phillip, the times they had come so close. She had refused her 
lover so many times ... and now this! 

"I think I'd better go, Mr. Felder."

She felt his answer, his pulsing rod of flesh pressing harder against 
her buttocks as he slipped his fingers around her waist and tightened 
her against him, pressing his loins hard against the fleshy globes of 
her well ripened young ass cheeks. "You don't have to leave yet, honey. 
There's lots of night left."

His body pressed very close to her and his lips took a gentle nibble 
from the warm nape of her neck to the curve of her shoulder. She lay 
still, uncooperative, but with no strength or will left to resist. She 
felt his hand ooze between her thighs where her buttocks joined them; 
it no longer shocked her or revolted her to have him exploring her 
nakedness this way; there was simply no feeling at all.

His fingers caressed the lips of her fragrant young pussy and finally 
entered and stroked the moist tender walls of the gently throbbing 
passage, now ravaged of its innocence. Her insides contracted 
involuntarily; she supposed you couldn't help getting some enjoyment 
out of it even if the man was as repugnant to her as this one. His 
rigid penis oozed between her thighs after his fingers and poked and 
prodded for the opening in her ravished pelvis.

"Not again, no ... I'm sore there. Please, let me go home now!"

"Now, now, baby you wouldn't want me to have to get rough, now would 
you?" He smiled as he spoke, but his evil smirk belied his feeble 
attempt at pretending a trace of warmth in his cold being.

Her mind froze and she gritted her teeth in a spasm of anger and fear. 
She knew she'd be no match for his strength and weight, and she doubted 
anyone would hear her way up here on top of this building. And in New 
York, no one would come to her aid even if they did hear.

Now the thick knob of his cock had found the moist little slit of 
vaginal flesh again. She groaned painfully as it pressed the soft, 
hair-fringed lips apart and moved between the bruised tender walls of 
her cunt. He ignored her discomfort and pushed harder into her, sinking 
the whole thick, turgid length of his prick once more in her tight, 
already once ravaged young pussy.

"Oooooh God, please, you're hurting me!"

But Felder seemed to lose himself in a frenzy of wanton passion as the 
tight moist walls of her vaginal sheath closed like a soft wet hand 
around the heavily pulsating shaft of his aching cock. Suddenly his 
breath came up from his belly in raking gasps and he skewered her 
furiously with his hardening prick, burrowing completely into her so 
that she cried out in agony. But he held her securely, with one hand 
curving around each hip so that his strong fingers bit into the firm, 
elastic flesh of her abdomen. He moved into her like a series of 
crashing waves, each larger and harder. She gasped and squirmed, caught 
like a stuck pig on the end of a lance. His thighs were hairy and 
bristly along the sensitive under sides of her naked behind. He 
pummeled into her with great force, seeming to fill the whole of her 
knotted belly, all the way up to her heavily quaking breasts. Sometimes 
he hurt her even more with a sudden sharp point of excruciating pain as 
he jerked his heavy loins more powerfully upwards and battered her 
tender inner cunt walls with the swollen, throbbing head of his immense 
cock. At other moments it seemed as if he was exploding like gunpowder 
deep inside her, spreading wide and vulnerable parts of her anatomy 
that had always been hidden before.

Behind her on the leather sofa he was grunting like a raving madman, 
tossing and twisting and moaning as he battered his heavy, lust-
hardened cock up deeper into her tiny cringing pussy, grinding his 
hair-covered pelvis hard against the firm adolescent-like cheeks of her 
softly giving ass cheeks.

"Goddamn!" she heard him gasp, and his fingers dug deeper into her 
belly, making her squeal with fresh pain. She felt an extra pressure 
against her hips and his fingers began to pull and guide her until she 
was moving onto her knees, his swollen prick still firmly imbedded in 
the moist tightness of her cunt. He tugged and yanked until she 
reluctantly moved with his guiding effort, although this degrading 
position made her feel horribly debased and subjugated, like some lowly 
servant girl stripped and bent over for her master's amusement. She 
suddenly knew what a prostitute must feel, just another piece of flesh 
at some man's twisted whim, nothing more than a lewd receptacle for his 
passion driven sperm.

Now he slithered up closer behind her and between her wide-spread 
thighs, pushing them apart even more with his knees as he squirmed his 
prick right up, deeper, up to the very hilt in her wetly constrictive 
young cunt. Now that she was spread out so helpless and defenseless 
this way, he seemed to invade her even deeper with his cock, splitting 
her tortured body in half, forcing agonizing gasp after gasp from her 
futilely pleading lips.

"Oooohhhh, please ... please, you're hurting me!" she cried.

Her back began to ache from the constant pressure of his hands around 
her waist, bending her down humiliatingly so mat her naked young 
buttocks soared upward toward his face. She felt totally naked and 
abused, a filthy, wanton slut good only for this horrid animal's 
pleasures. Her loins tingled and contracted, a thousand red-hot points 
brushing against one another, sending out millions of shivering chills 
through her body from the quivering nucleus of her cock-filled young 
pussy.

His flesh buffeted her ass with steady bruising force; every pounding 
thrust was punctuated with a gasping whine from the man's throat. Beads 
of sweat slung from his naked torso and splattered on me young blonde's 
bare flesh, soaking her with his perspiration as he fucked viciously 
into her again and again, each and every vicious grind burrowing his 
cock deep in her ravaged young belly. She suddenly thought, God, what 
if he gets me pregnant! But now she was unable to voice any protest, 
her feeble powers of resistance drowned by the rising tide of wicked 
passion that his deep, skewering thrusts were building in her now 
almost traitorously accepting loins. His rhythmic thrusting continued, 
bringing a low muffled cry from her parched throat with every painful 
inward thrust. He seemed to be getting bigger and bigger, probing 
deeper and deeper up into her body toward her very throat. Her breasts 
heaved and swayed beneath her as she suddenly discovered her naked body 
involuntarily writhing and twisting on the end of his heavily impaling 
prick, swaying in time with his deep, punishing thrusts, grinding me 
thin, hair-lined lips of her now wetly clasping young vagina back 
against his pelvis as she felt the lust-distended head of his cock far 
up in her wide-stretched insides.

She was incredibly sore but afire with a great building pressure, a 
liquid screaming pressure deep in her loins that ached to be set free. 
She couldn't think of anything but the agonizingly sweet buildup inside 
her; as much as she hated the thought of what this man was doing to 
her, of the way he was using her like some kind of lewd, unthinking 
sexual toy, it was happening. Somehow she'd never thought it would 
really happen this way to her. The buildup grew into a great, ever 
expanding bubble which was swelling to enormous size inside her. She 
screamed loudly, and screamed again, loud and shrill, and the stretched 
bubble burst and it seemed like hot blood rushing from her loins in a 
wild liquid torrent, hot and fluid and gushing, and she screamed again 
with the tears of fright and ecstasy and shuddering relief running in 
streams down her cheeks.

" Ooooohhhhh ... yes, yes ... oooohhhhh," she whined.

She began to calm a little, though she was still trembling all over and 
her stomach was quaking as if she'd just been beaten within an inch of 
her life ... and still he was stuffing his thick penis up into her wet 
sperm-inundated cunt with unrelenting fury, wheezing between his teeth 
and practically hurling her onto the floor with every powerful forward 
thrust. Now the pain was returning, the pain this monster had 
successfully masked with a flood of wantonness as he skillfully 
manipulated her, wringing a torrent of orgasmic ecstasy from her young, 
inexperienced body. It only hurt now, and even worse than before. Her 
vagina felt as if it had been sliced with a knife in a dozen places. 
She gritted her teeth, wondering how long she could stand it, and then 
she heard him muttering, cursing under his quickening breath.

"Jesus, baby, your cunt's so tight! So Goddamn hot and tight!" And his 
muttering grew into a steady babble of moaning, groaning agony, rose to 
a gasping howl and exploded into an agonized cry. She felt nothing in 
her tautly stretched vagina except that his thrust slowed to a great 
solid, grinding heave ... and then it happened. She jerked reflexively 
as she felt the naked, heaving man empty his hotly, seething load deep 
up inside her helplessly contracting belly, filling her whole insides 
with his dangerous life-giving sperm. Quick flashes of what might be 
happening raced through her numbed brain; of how she might be pregnant 
what it would be like to carry this monster's child. And then he fell 
forward on her with a tortured groan and his body was such a hulking 
mountain of weight that she collapsed under him, pinned flat against 
the sofa cushion, her firmly rounded young breasts smashed into the 
leather. He lay there on her a long times heaving and gasping.

"W-What if I g-get pregnant?" she asked finally in a near whisper.

"That's the least of your worries, honey," he laughed, his breathing 
back to normal now. "I've had a vasectomy ... years ago. So don't go 
getting any ideas. I've got a letter from the Doc to prove I'm as 
sterile as a surgeon's glove."

A few minutes passed, then she complained of the crushing bulk on top 
of her tiny young form, and he rolled off and walked to the door of the 
terrace. She wiped the sticky trail of his lewdly shining semen from 
her thighs with the sleeve of his crumpled shirt when he wasn't 
looking.

She began to pick up her scattered clothes, searching here and there 
under the furniture. He sat back down on the edge of the sofa, looking 
even paunchier and flabbier than before now somehow, his limp penis 
dangling in a flaccid knob from beneath the fleshy roll of his belly.

"I'd like to go home now," Jessica said quietly. She didn't even want 
to talk of the job he had for her now; all she wanted was the quiet 
sanctuary of her own room. Away from people, away from this man.

"You'll go when I say so," he said nastily. "And not a minute before."

Jessica stood there gaping at him, making no attempt now to hide her 
youthful nakedness, her hands casually on her hips. Her firm ripe 
breasts stood out defiantly, the tiny pink nipples still hard and 
crinkly from his vicious ravishment. Surely he couldn't mean it! What 
was there left for him to do to her? There was nothing left!

Ignoring his threat, she stepped into her panties, gingerly lifting her 
legs as bolts of pain rippled through her thighs.

"Put those panties back where you found them!" he barked. "I'm not 
ready to go yet."

"I'll take a cab. You needn't bother, Mr. Felder," she said bitterly.

"Take off those Goddamn panties!"

She couldn't believe it! She had been stripped like a servant girl in 
the market place, screwed half to death like a whore by this fat, vile 
man, paraded naked before his lustful eyes, fucked and filled almost to 
bursting with his horrible sperm until her whole body ached. And he 
still wanted more of her!



Chapter 5


Phillip glanced around furtively as he stepped from the cab at Valerie 
Dodge's riverside address, then laughed at his needless cautiousness. 
Hell, there was no sense acting like some super-spy outrunning the KGB; 
after all, there wasn't a chance in the world of Jessica being within 
miles of this place. He had not seen her now for several days, 
something of a rarity in itself, but the odds were rather slim she'd be 
strolling about in this neighborhood at ten o'clock in the evening. Or 
in any neighborhood in New York, if she had any brains at all.

He showed the smartly-uniformed doorman his invitation, with his name 
neatly inked across it in flowing blue-black script, and was directed, 
with a courteous little bow, to the second battery of elevators, the 
ones marked "17-30," and told he was okayed for admittance to the 
twenty-fourth floor condominium the William Brantley Dodge's called 
home. He chuckled to himself as he checked his tie and collar in the 
elevator mirror-Christ, a two-bit artist like himself invited to a 
party at W. B. Dodge's apartment! Hobnobbing with the joint rulers of 
the country's biggest and most successful model and network packaging 
outfit, both of them millionaires a few times over. And the incredible 
way it all came about-hell, that was a story in itself!

*  *  *

It was only last week, though now it seemed months ago as Phillip 
recalled me events that led up to this invitation. Jessica had been in 
another of her moods, he remembered; and like always, she chose not to 
explain, just to keep it all bottled up in her lovely little self. It 
was the day after she was supposed to meet some agency creative 
director for an after-hours interview. She hadn't said much about it, 
just that it was less than successful, and, knowing Jessica's temper, 
Phillip had simply left it at that, though he was far from happy about 
these unusual job interviews she seemed to be constantly drawn into. 
Not that he would ever have suspected Jessica of any wrong- doing-
Christ, she just wasn't the type for that. But those ad agency 
smoothies could be pretty persuasive, just the same.

Anyway, they'd argued about it for a few minutes, tossed the usual 
harsh words back and forth, then, like always, kissed and forgot the 
whole thing and headed through the evening chill for the subway ride to 
the W. B. Dodge Company, the source of most of network television's 
commercials and the "think-tank" for more award-winning television 
specials than anyone could count.

There wasn't any particular reason for doing it, but this days just 
this once, they varied their usual job-hunting procedure and Phillip 
accompanied his girlfriend inside for the interview, waiting as 
unobtrusively as possible in a lobby filled with eager young models and 
would-be actresses, all toting their shop-worn portfolio cases loaded 
with stills and press-releases and anything else they could pile 
together in hopes of impressing Bill or Valerie Dodge, the king and 
queen, without dispute, of the W. B. Dodge empire, a sprawling kingdom 
that covered five floors here in their mid-town location, and another 
couple of thousand square feet of studio space down near the Village.

Phillip had made no effort to make his presence known; on the contrary, 
he'd attempted most diligently to stay out of sight, even to the point 
of taking a seat opposite Jessica when they entered, knowing only too 
well how agency receptionists felt about friends accompanying the girls 
when the agency announced its infrequent hiring sessions, or 'cattle 
calls" as they were known in the trade. But anonymity was just not to 
be his this afternoon.

Valerie Dodge nodded ever-so-slightly when she passed through the 
reception area the first time. Phillip had not the faintest notion who 
she was, though he suspected she was indeed the empress herself when 
the room suddenly quieted and a couple of dozen skirts were quickly 
adjusted, some going up and others going down. And when the former 
television actress turned model-agency executive had made her exit, one 
of the young hopefuls nearest Phillip made the identification certain.

"That was her! Valerie Dodge! Isn't she gorgeous, just like in all her 
films!" the young girl had shrieked, and Phillip had agreed, indeed, 
Valerie Dodge was a beautiful woman, blessed with genetic good looks 
and enough money to sustain them with daily trips to the plushest of 
Manhattan's glittering salons. She was tall, he guessed about five-nine 
that afternoon, and her Paris-styled auburn hair accented the jet-set 
beauties of her elegantly beautiful face. And that body of hers was in 
a category by itself! Her breasts were huge and full, but deliciously 
proud and firm, without a trace of sag to detract from her glamorous 
profile. He wondered even then, from that fleeting glimpse, how this 
magnificent celebrity would look without those Saks originals ... in 
fact, without anything at all, just her fabled body stretched nude 
across a king-sized bed. Phillip remembered now that he'd quickly 
crossed that silly daydream from his thoughts. If only he had known 
what the future held for him!

He had been reading a terribly outdated copy of Women's Wear Daily, 
just to have something to occupy his mind, when he suddenly realized 
that the displaced voice he'd heard was talking to him. "You must be 
Phillip Wright?" it said.

He looked up, startled, from his paper. It was Valerie Dodge, standing 
right by his shoulder. He'd failed to notice her reenter the reception 
room. "Right ... but how did you know that?" he asked, manfully aware 
that the swarm of delicious young lovelies had hushed their nervous 
buzzing and was intently focused on him as he courteously rose quickly 
to his feet.

"It's not magic, really, love," she purred, Jessica was just mentioning 
you to my husband when I went in for a file." She paused and glanced 
him over, a quick cursory appraisal, but one obvious enough to gain the 
young man's attention. "Would you like to come in to my office a 
moment?"

Phillip hesitated ... not from disinterest, but disbelief. Valerie 
Dodge requesting him to enter her office! "Of course! I mean ... yes, 
certainly." He tried to conceal his surprise and excitement, leaving 
the roomful of whispering girls to guess his true identity, to 
determine among themselves if he was, yes indeed, Phillip Wright, 
world-famous movie producer, or Phillip Wright, noted actor, or ... 

"Have a seat, Phillip," offered Valerie Dodge when they'd both entered 
her private office suite and she had closed the heavy door behind them. 
Phillip waited graciously until his hostess had seated herself behind 
the single inch-thick glass pane that served her as a desk. He sank 
comfortably into a thickly padded leather armchair that seemed to 
envelop him in a womb of softness and aromatic cowhide.

"I suppose you're wondering why I wanted to see you?"

He nodded, "That's for sure. I usually have to try a dozen times just 
to see one of the paid flunkies. It comes as a bit of a shock to be 
personally invited into a place like this." He made a sweep of his 
hand, indicating the expansive layout of the older woman's office and 
separate sitting-room all furnished with the h and-picked choicest of 
the Manhattan decorators' offering, the walls adorned with stills and 
promotional posters from some of her earlier television and motion 
picture successes.

"Don't let it threaten you," she laughed, a real smile on her lips now 
for the first time since she'd first spoken. It was truly becoming on 
her, adding an even greater depth to the already-fathomless beauty and 
glamour this woman possessed. "It's my real home. This is where I 
really live," she confessed. "The apartment is just for changing 
clothes and entertaining. I feel much more at ease here than anywhere 
else."

"Uh, yes ... it is really nice. And I see you have gardens outside, 
too," Phillip said somewhat nervously, grasping awkwardly for something 
meaningful to say, but not really succeeding.

"Yes, it's another little private hideaway of mine. I guess I am 
somewhat of a nut about privacy, but those years in front of the camera 
had to have some effect on me, I suppose." She stopped talking, staring 
straight at her handsome young visitor as if waiting for him to speak, 
but the growing lump in his throat blocked whatever words he might have 
managed. "Oh, how thoughtless of me," she suddenly gushed, "let me fix 
you a drink. You must be absolutely dying of thirst after sitting out 
there in that office so long." She Jumped up from her swivel chair and 
hurriedly crossed the room. Phillip was suddenly reminded of a 
television show from his early youth, and the graceful entrances 
another famous star made at the opening of each show, her gowns always 
trailing regally as she swept into the room and onto the screens of 
those pioneering days of television.

"What will it be? Scotch okay?"

"Sure, that's fine," he answered. And for the moment, he couldn't for 
the life of him remember if he drank scotch or not.

Valerie vanished through the open doorway into the adjoining suite; 
from across the second room Philip heard the tinkling of glasses and 
the bubbling of fine liquor being poured.

"You take water, Phillip?" came the shouted voice. He replied 
negatively, reasoning, quite prophetically, it turned out, that he 
could use a stiff drink about right now. For a few moments, there was 
no sound at all, then the soft closing of a door, perhaps a cupboard or 
closet, a rustle of something he couldn't put his finger on, then the 
sound of softly padding steps as Valerie Dodge, adored and coveted by 
countless thousands of dissatisfied married men, returned to her young 
visitor. Only the statuesque redhead did not actually return; Phillip 
sensed, rather than saw, her standing in the doorway ... he looked up.

"Mrs. Dodge!" he gasped, bolting to his feet and jarring the cocktail 
table before him so hard that it tumbled onto the carpet, dumping an 
empty ashtray and a few magazines onto the floor.

"Like my outfit, love?" she purred, holding her arms away from her 
body, a drink in each hand. She was wearing a light, baby-blue gown 
that could have been made of Saran-wrap, and it was more man obvious 
she had removed her bra and panties while out of the room fixing the 
drinks. Her shoes were still on, along with her white garter belt and 
dark stockings. His eyes instantly locked on the deep, inviting cleft 
between her enormous, bulging breasts. Her nipples, crinkly and 
brownish, poked against the sheer line of gauze-like fabric that 
offered no more concealment than a sheet of clear glass, little peaks 
of tingling flesh already aroused and hardened as he looked upon them.

Phillip glanced nervously around, checking the door instinctively.

'Oh, you needn't worry about anyone coming in. My penchant for privacy 
is a legend around here. Nobody would dare enter this office without 
calling first ... and besides," she added with a twinkling grin, "it 
locks automatically when you shut it."

"Jesus, you're beautiful!" Phillip said, without a trace of nervousness 
or awkwardness now. Somehow it all seemed right ... her being there 
nearly naked, his being alone with her. It was as if at that very 
instant in time, something snapped within him, some little switch 
somewhere deep in his brain suddenly closed. And he was suddenly 
feeling the beginning of a glowing power and self-confidence he'd never 
even hoped for before. Even at that moment, he knew what was expected 
of him, knew that making love to this fantastically desirable woman was 
going to change him and that perhaps nothing less than a real woman 
like this would ever satisfy him again.

Valerie lowered her eyes for a moment to the bulge in his trousers; his 
cock was out of position in his shorts, and that made the obvious 
swelling even more apparent. His erection stood out like a tree limb, 
so tight against the fabric of his pants that he was afraid it might 
just rip through and come bursting out like an animal's penis might 
when confronted with a female so obviously in heat and eager for 
excitement. She grinned at the sight of it. "You seem to like me, 
lover," she said softly, a glistening sparkle in her eyes. "It's pretty 
obvious."

"That's pretty observant of you," he laughed, even surer of himself 
now. "Not everyone would have noticed."

"How could I help it, darling. Now it's getting even more obvious ..." 
She paused dramatically and stared for a full beat at the still growing 
bulge in his crotch. "... You're quite a big man."

"C'mon ... the weather's nicer in here, stud," she said seductively.

Phillip followed her without an instant's hesitation, feeling more and 
more confident of his masculinity with every step toward this 
voluptuous woman's lair. She was well ahead of him, and when he entered 
the inner room, she was already sitting on the edge of her bed. And 
what a bed! It was round, at least seven feet across, and covered with 
a blaze-red silk cover with the name Valerie spelled out in huge script 
letters that ran from one side to the other. He glanced down at the 
thin hair-lined lips of her vagina clearly visible now between her 
slightly parted legs. He didn't blush at the sight of her womanly 
treasures like he might have in the past; her pleased smile was 
invitation enough, but she opened her legs a bit more, a teasing grin 
on her lips as he caught a glimpse of the faintest dewdrop of her own 
excitement just beginning to glisten on the soft pink furrows of her 
narrow cuntal slit. She handed him his drink and it seemed to go down 
in one swallow, warming his body along its path, adding to the growing 
intense heat he was already feeling for this beautiful woman far down 
in his loins.

He stood over her silently, reverently, like a pilgrim come to do 
homage to a saint, as she loosed the clasp that held the robe together 
just above the swelling mounds of her luscious breasts. She pulled the 
two halves of the flimsy garment apart, exposing the large full mounds, 
the ripe dark nipples staring at him wetly. She had moistened them with 
saliva from her tongue before he entered, adding magically to the 
already maddening allure of this gorgeous female.

"I can't believe how beautiful you are," he muttered innocently, "I 
knew movie stars were nice looking, but I never expected anything like 
... like this!" He stared mutely at her nakedness, still holding the 
empty glass in his hand. He could see the tell-tale glint of growing 
passion in her eyes and it was all he could do to hold back the urge to 
drop to his knees at her feet and bury his face and lips in the warm 
moist delicacy of that incredibly tantalizing furrow between her smooth 
supple thighs that seemed to beckon him, call to him with a siren's 
song all its own. But he managed to contain himself, somehow aware now 
that this was no "quickie," one just didn't jump on the famous Valerie 
Dodge and pump it to her like a common whore. She wanted a lover, not 
an over-eager punk kid who'd leave her hot and horny and unsatisfied. 
He could tell already that the agonizing wait would bring its own 
reward.

"You've got a lot to offer yourself," she smiled up at him, "enough to 
get me interested, and I'm not that excitable."

'I've never had any complaints," he said with a boyish grin.

Valerie parted her thighs a little more, flexing the sinewy lengths of 
her ripely formed legs like a lioness might before a kill. "I'll bet 
you don't, young man," she purred. And with that, she leaned back 
seductively onto her elbows, arching herself backward invitingly with a 
tempting smile that made her offering undeniable.

Phillip leaned over and kissed her, lightly at first, on the lips, 
pretending that this sort of chance encounter with a glamorous screen 
star and celebrity was just run-of-the-mill with him.

She held him off for a moment, teasingly, then reached up, curled her 
arms around and pulled him down onto her naked warmth. One of his legs 
was between her opened thighs; he shivered at the feel of her 
incredible supple softness as her body seemed glued against his. She 
moved her thigh up against his crotch as he ground his lips harshly 
into her, bringing his cock into painfully erect hardness. He could 
feel the wetness of his seminal fluid seeping from the gland on me 
rapidly hardening tip. It smeared against his leg inside his pants 
until he was certain Valerie could feel the sticky wetness through the 
fabric. She continued her practiced massaging with a skillful 
thoroughness that brought his aching lustfulness to a crescendo pitch; 
he was certain the head of his throbbing prick would explode at any 
second. It was jerking now as though he would cum at the least extra 
pressure; it was definite now, he could feel the pressure building deep 
in his balls below. He thrust his tongue deep in her mouth as she 
sucked gently tenderly, on it, nibbling with tiny sharp nips of her 
teeth that sent chills racing the length of his spine. He pulled his 
head away to escape the warm teasing sensation and placed his cheeks 
against her hair, pausing to think guiltily of how horrified and 
shocked Jessica would be if she knew what was happening right here in 
the same office.

And then he thought, "Valerie, what about my girl? What if she can't 
find me and starts asking questions?"

Valerie Dodge's hand was on the handsome young man's inner thigh, 
brushing lightly, appraisingly, over the hardened bulge along the 
inside of his leg, admiring the long, thick ridge that poked eagerly 
against the material. "You can stop worrying. The girl on the desk will 
just tell her you are with Mrs. Dodge for an interview. You are an 
artist, aren't you?"

"Yes, but ..."

"But nothing. Anyway, when we're ... uh, finished, shall we say, with 
pleasure, we'll find time to talk business. Dodge always needs new 
artists. Especially those so ..." her hand stroked the throbbing rigid 
length of his cock still growing harder inside his pants, "... well 
equipped."

They seemed frozen there for a long moment, Phillip half-leaning, half-
crouching over the voluptuously naked wife of William B. Dodge, while 
the poor bastard was only an office or two away!

"Get your clothes off, honey," she whispered hoarsely, visibly excited 
now as she quivered beneath him, "I'll teach you some tricks that 
little teeny-bopper girlfriend of yours never dreamed of." Her thighs 
were grinding against his loins heatedly.

"You do want to fuck me, don't you Phillip?" Her voice was strained and 
husky now.

"Jesus Christ, yes!" he nearly shouted.

"Then let's hear you say it, baby," she cooed.

"Yes ... I want to fuck you!"

"Is that all? Just fuck me ... just an ordinary ol' fuck?"

"No, better man any you've ever had! Harder and deeper than you've ever 
had it!" Phillip was worked up to me bursting point, whipped into a 
panting, lusting rage by the naked woman's lewd urgings.

"God, baby, get naked and get in me! Hurry, I'm dying!" she moaned, 
pushing him away in her haste.

He jumped from the bed and began desperately stripping himself to join 
the already nakedly writhing woman so anxiously waiting for him on the 
silk covers, her smooth, milk-white curves laid bare before him like a 
feast. He felt a twinge of self-consciousness as he dropped his pants 
and undershorts together and stood over her still lying on the round 
bed with his cock jutting out in full naked erection from his hard 
muscular pelvis, a long, thick length of throbbing flesh and blood 
dangling before the unclothed married woman below. She lifted her body 
slightly and pulled off the last of the sheer robe that lay uselessly 
at her sides, leaving just her white garter belt and dark stockings, an 
incredible frame for the tantalizing temptation of her warm, moist 
furrow, her pussy-lips palpitating now with unbridled lust and wanton 
excitement. She lay back on the enormous bed and looked up at him 
standing stark nude over her; her eyes glued to the throbbing, blood-
filled head of his young, eager cock standing out in the air. She 
watched the pulsing, lust-distended head a moment, then managed a 
hoarse, anguished plea, "Oh, get that marvelous hunk of meat in me, 
lover! I'm dying, baby, dying! Goddamn, get it deep inside me and screw 
me good, please! Jesus, get it in my cunt and fuck me before I burn 
up!"

He lay down on the bed beside her, dragging her over to him with the 
youthful strength of his muscular arms. He moved one hand down to the 
smoothness of her buttocks and cupped them. They were beautifully 
shaped and sinewy as he had expected them to be. Her body was warm and 
soft against him and she raised her face to his, locking her lips 
tightly to his as her hand searched down between them for the hardness 
of his penis. He gasped aloud this time at the coolness of her fingers 
around his throbbing rigidity. He pressed his head forward and kissed 
her back, hot and moist kisses that smothered her with his intense 
youthful passion. Her odor was maddening, a rich, exotic perfume that 
he'd never smelled before; the scent was appropriate for His 
fantastically passionate woman, a kind of tantalizing muskiness that 
reeked of erotic abandonment and perversions. Her lips were soft and 
gave before the harsh pressure of his with a warm yielding rubberiness 
that sent electric chills racing throughout his naked sinewy body. She 
crushed the full length of her body against his and ground her pelvis 
tightly into him before suddenly twisting her body in a frenzied burst 
of lustful passion, and pulling his body onto her full nakedness, 
opening her legs wide to take him between them; his cock probed up 
between her silken thighs, pressed eagerly against the puffed fleshy 
lips of her moist, warm pussy.

"Oh, please, fuck me, darting ... I can't stand it! Please!"

*  *  *

William Dodge, having glanced twice at his platinum Rolex watch, 
excused himself from his lovely young office visitor, and stepped from 
the room through a door marked Private. Jessica Richards, cut off 
somewhat abruptly, though politely, in mid-sentence, just as she was 
describing the most recent modeling assignment she had worked on, sat 
rather puzzled, though not really very concerned. She knew that big 
corporate heads like William Dodge were constantly being interrupted 
and called away to meetings and such, and that abrupt disappearances 
like this were probably routine for a man like him. He'd been looking 
at his watch ever since his wife, Valerie, came in for a hurried, 
whispered chat a while before; whatever she had to tell him seemed to 
interest him greatly. She could actually see a rush of color and 
excitement come to his face as his attractive wife whispered her news 
in her husband's ear. Mrs. Dodge apologized profusely for the rude 
interruption and excused herself.

Jessica folded her hands and waited patiently, being careful not to 
become overly anxious, lest a tiny mist of perspiration add that glossy 
cheapness to her spotless complexion. No, she wanted everything right 
this time, no matter how long it took. Of course, she did worry about 
poor Phillip, waiting alone in that reception room, with nothing to 
read but fashion magazines. Oh well, it was his idea to come along ...

Bill Dodge stepped into the darkened ex-storage room adjoining his 
office and the homier half of Valerie's little hideaway. He flicked on 
the master wall switch at his left, after first being certain that the 
door was closed and locked behind him. An impressive array of lights 
came up immediately, rather like the control panel of a 707. But there 
was a lot more excitement to be gained right here than in the captain's 
seat of a big jetliner.

He checked that all the line voltages were in order, then switched on 
camera "A." Suddenly an enormous tape reel on the room's counter 
surface began to turn, taking up the slack and then, unreeling inch 
after inch of wide videotape from the opposite fully-loaded reel. 
Satisfied that everything was working properly, Bill Dodge flicked on 
two images came into focus on the tiny screen. First, a confused 
kaleidoscope of run-on colors and fuzzy lines; then, the distinct forms 
of a man and woman writhing together like a couple of spawning salmon 
in the next room. The camera was positioned perfectly, no accident it 
was though. But rather, the result of careful planning and lighting 
design by one of the Dodge Agency's top electronics men, and a trusted 
one to boot. Every light in Valerie's room, every piece of furniture, 
was carefully laid-out to facilitate these tapings. All he ever needed 
was the eager nod from his over-sexed wife, indicating she'd found 
another hopeful for her boudoir workouts.

Goddamn it, that Valerie really knows what she's doing in bed!

Bill noticed a slight gnawing knot of jealousy as he watched his wife's 
passion contorted face and realized only too well that this was no act 
she was putting on. She just loved to be fucked, and made no attempt to 
cover it up. He leaned over and adjusted the color blend on the monitor 
set and settled back to watch this little episode; he wanted badly to 
open the office door and invite the young man's girlfriend in to watch 
her faithful lover in action with a real woman. But he thought better 
of it ... there was always time for that later. Right now was the time 
for his favorite avocation, watching his wife get it hard and fast from 
another man. Damn, how that bitch could lock her legs around a man's 
ass and fuck!

*  *  *

Valerie Dodge, even more excited by knowing her husband was watching 
this virile young man fuck her like a whore, crushed Phillip tight to 
her and ran her hands searchingly over his body, exploring eagerly the 
secret hollows of him. His cock was resting along the inside of her 
thigh, hard against the narrow hair-lined slit of her cunt. She arched 
up for a moment, levering them both off the bed with the strength of 
her back and, reaching under her buttocks with both hands, spread her 
soft, fleece lined vaginal lips slowly apart, giving his throbbing 
penis greater contact with the wet sensitive flesh as it lay the full 
length of the moist gently pulsing furrow. She relaxed, dropping her 
body back to the bed, his rigid member trapped between her hungrily 
clasping thighs.

He forced his hands between her shoulders and the mattress and ran them 
down the soft curves of her back and hips. He could feel the raised 
edges of her spine moving almost imperceptibly as she undulated her 
body up against him in a slow, teasing rhythm. The sinews of her 
muscles rippled lightly just under the tanned skin, giving away me 
powerful reserve of animal strength in her naked body. The tenseness of 
the cords in her thighs pressed against me outside of his hips. He 
wondered how they would grip around him later when he had sunk his 
aching hardness deep up inside her warm, yielding pussy.

"Oh, Philip, darling, you feel so good," she moaned, smashing her lips 
against him again and writhing the flatness of her belly close up to 
him. Her nails trailed across his back, leaving small reddish welts in 
their path. He pushed his hands farther down beneath her, cupping the 
fullness of her ass in the palms of his hands and pulled her wetly, 
open loins up tighter against him. He moved up and down slowly, 
insinuating the hardness of his full length up and down the widespread 
slit, sensing it grow wider and wetter with every lewd, grinding probe 
of his massive cock. Her ass began a more desperate motion, rotating up 
against his loins until her legs, without warning, flared out wide on 
either side of his young virile body, her calves locking against the 
back of his thighs. Dulling him tighter into her.

"Yes, yes ... oh, fuck me now, now!" she hoarsely cried into his ear, 
her eyes clenched tightly shut, her pelvis grinding in a frantic wanton 
rhythm now.

He started to move but she beat him to it. Her hands came down between 
them and circled around his hot throbbing cock, parting the softness of 
her pubic hair with the tip and guiding it between the lips of her 
eagerly palpitating cunt. Phillip groaned above her as he felt her move 
it up and down between her legs, parting the silken curling fleece of 
her vaginal hair with the pulsating blood-engorged head of his prick. 
They grazed teasingly against the super-sensitive flesh, forcing it 
into even greater hardness until it ached excruciatingly from the 
agonizing pressure.

Phillip couldn't hold back another second and flicked his hips forward 
with a sudden cruel thrust mat drove his cock with a flesh-splitting 
crash into the hotly gaping mouth of her pussy. She gasped aloud at me 
impact of his virile, ravishing entry.

"Ooooohhhhh," she moaned beneath him as she could feel the warm elastic 
sheath of her own pussy close wetly over the young man's long, hard 
penis. It entered with a slight popping sound, almost as though she was 
a virgin being taken for the first time, except that with her it was 
easier and infinitely more enjoyable, because she could control the 
deliciously educated muscles of her vagina that way every time. And 
Phillip was no fool; already he was thinking of those other times, 
those times in the future when he'd get together again with this 
marvelous woman.

His long thick penis raced up into her warmly sucking cunt to the full 
depths of her eagerly quivering belly, warm and tight at first, aching 
the fun length of his rigid member and then easier as the wetness of 
the passage surrounded him, lubricating the way. Then suddenly, he hit 
bottom ...

"Aaaaggghhhh," the painfully writhing woman cried, as his balls slapped 
hard against the rounded cheeks of her ass. William Dodge's voluptuous 
wife screamed a low, animal-like scream beneath him, twisting 
momentarily to escape the sudden unexpected pain. But he thrust harder, 
screwing his pelvis tighter into her loins so there was no escape for 
her. She was skewered good and he lay for a moment to allow the pain of 
his sudden ravishing entry to subside, proud to be able to hurt her 
this way. Christ, he'd show her what a real fucking was like, hurt her 
like nobody ever had ... and she'd be powerless to hurt him in return. 
It was the same old story retold, woman helpless and subjugated in sex, 
helpless to hurt back, only able to be hurt. And to suffer through it 
all, possessed by the power of man.

*  *  *

Shit, he's better than I'd have guessed, Bill Dodge observed from the 
sanctuary of his hidden control room, watching the increasingly frantic 
action on his color television monitor. Yes, Valerie will get a kick 
out of this tape, that's for sure. And so will some of her friends, 
unless I've misjudged that sex-crazy bunch. Christ, I'll have to really 
throw the ol' meat to her tonight to keep up with this young fucker!

He kept thinking about that sweet little thing sitting so innocently 
and demurely in his office, just a few feet away ... thinking about how 
she'd look out there on that big bed. But not with this young stud ... 
with William Dodge, of course! But that was in the future, if at all. 
Time now to switch the tape unit to automatic and return to my lovely 
young guest. Mustn't keep her waiting too long.

*  *  *

Phillip ground his pelvis into the squirming flaccid flesh of the older 
woman beneath him as she strained back under him, arching her loins up 
at him, lifting them both a few inches off the silken coverlets from 
the furious strength of her upward thrusts. She moaned ceaselessly 
beneath his pounding body, opening and closing her legs around his hips 
as she worked up and down in a chanting rhythm of intercourse as old as 
the universe itself. Her mouth gaped open wide, her head flailing from 
side to side on the mattress again and again in wild ecstasy.

"It feels good, good, baby, so fucking good! Stick your finger in my 
asshole! Hurt me, lover, hurt me! Make me scream!"

He reached under her between her buttocks as he drove his cock 
rhythmically into the wetness of her cunt. He stretched the smoothly 
curved crevice of her ass wide, searching with the tip of his stiffened 
middle finger for the tight little hole of her anus.

And then he found it ... a small trickle of her own juices was running 
down the widespread crevice from where he could feel his hardened rod 
of lust-distended flesh slithering hotly into her. It moistened the 
tight puckered little hole, lubricating it slightly and he probed 
experimentally for a moment with the tip of his finger. He pushed hard, 
feeling the knotted little band of muscle give a little, and then 
suddenly the tight elastic nether ring gave way completely and his 
finger slid in up to the first knuckle. She jumped forward, almost 
crawling on her back to escape the sudden unexpected pain that seared 
through her rectum.

"Aaaaggghhhhh, yes, it hurts! It hurts!"

Phillip answered her cries with a deeper stab of his upraised finger, 
sinking it to the second joint.

"Yes, yes ... Ooooohhhhh, yes, hurt me! Hurt me!" she screamed, 
writhing ecstatically, impaled between me two ravishing fleshy spears 
of his cock and middle finger.

Seemingly oblivious to the anguished pain, he felt her suddenly begin 
screwing her buttocks back on his finger until it was sunk to me palm 
of his hand. He jiggled it inside, rotating it around in the fleshy 
depths of her tender rectum. He could feel through the thin wall of 
flesh separating her two passages me underside of his cock sliding in 
and out of her, and he began skewering her between them, maintaining 
the same rhythm for both as she groaned on under him. His nail caught 
the flesh momentarily in her asshole, scraping her painfully, and she 
jerked, but then caught up me rhythm again, opening her legs wide out 
over me bed to give him even greater freedom of entry to her ravished 
loins.

Phillip could feel his cock growing and expanding inside her until it 
felt as though it were going to burst from the exquisite pleasure and 
sperm building in his testicles as they slapped heavily against her 
buttocks below. It wouldn't be long, he hoped, he knew he couldn't hold 
it back forever. She had to cum soon.

He could tell she was near completion as she gripped him tight between 
her thighs, opening and closing them around his driving hips in time to 
his long, hard thrusts into her. She gurgled beneath him, the sound 
coming from somewhere deep within her throat as though she had no 
control over it. He knew she was near and he continued his merciless 
thrusting with all me strength in his well-toned youthful body.

"Ooooohhhhh, yes, fuck me, fuck me hard, baby! Hard! HARD!!" She 
punctuated her wanton plea with the pounding of her heels high up on 
his naked back. She had jackknifed her legs up tight, pressing her 
knees back hard into her breasts and offering him me full opening of 
her upraised crotch. Her eyes rolled uncontrollably in her head, her 
face contorted and straining for the final explosion so near.

"I'm cumming ..." Her mouth gaped wide in ecstatic abandon, almost 
disbelief. "Oh God, I'm cumming!"

She mumbled on incoherently until the sounds coming from her throat 
were a mass of jumbled, unintelligible syllables. She pulled back her 
Highs tighter until the whole of her wide-stretched vaginal slit was 
presented up to him to abuse and ravage as he willed. Her ankles locked 
high up over his shoulders, her crotch squirming beneath him in a wild 
uninhibited dance of abandoned ecstasy. Her mouth hung open wide, 
unseeing eyes glazed as they aimed blankly toward the ceiling.

And then ... "Aaaaaggghhhhh!" A banshee scream burst from her lips and 
filled the room with her ecstatic fulfillment, their two sweat-soaked, 
panting bodies slapping brutally together. Dodge's naked wife's 
nostrils flared wildly and she screwed herself up onto his thrusting 
cock and locked herself to him with all the strength of her thighs 
while her loins jerked spasmodically against his belly.

She held her breath for an interminable long time, then expelled it as 
though she'd been kicked in the stomach, collapsing limply down into 
the soft, yielding mattress. She lay still, except for the 
uncontrollable quivering of her pussy as her vaginal walls shivered out 
the last of her bone-wrenching orgasm, still locked wetly around 
Phillip's tortured prick, swollen now to an incredible hardness. He 
pushed deep into her and lay still. Inside her, it felt as big around 
as a man's forearm, shoved deliciously up into her very insides.

Only the last traces of anguished self-control kept him from continuing 
to screw into her. Christ, he'd never in his short life seen anything 
like this. Or felt anything like this, either! He throbbed the muscles 
of his cock deep in her belly, hoping to urge her back for more.

"Oh, honey, that was really nice," she purred, "I haven't been screwed 
like that in a helluva long time."

"Don't put it in the past tense," Phillip said proudly, "we're not 
finished yet."

"Jesus, you've really been holding back, haven't you?"

"Yeah, but I can't hold it much longer," he gasped. "My balls are about 
to blow up."

"Pull it out and roll over, sweetie," she smiled, "Mommy's gonna' give 
you a special treat for being such a good boy."

He pulled back, sliding his hardness out of the soft warmth of her 
pussy. It killed him to pull it out, he was so near to shooting out his 
painfully waiting cum in her belly that he didn't want to stop but he 
had to let her have her way. It would be best this time until he knew 
more about her, about what she wanted in her lovemaking. He had to 
admit that, while he'd had a fair share of women, his sexual 
experiences were pretty much the straight missionary-position stuff. 
Maybe he'd learn some things that would help with Jessica ... that is, 
if she ever stopped hanging on to that precious virginity of hers.

He reluctantly rolled from the softness of her body over onto his back, 
thin sticky trails of her orgasm following his cock across her lower 
thigh. He lay tense, with his cock pointed straight at the ceiling. 
Glancing, he looked to see it she was making any moves in that 
direction.

She turned on her side toward him and, reaching out with her hand, 
began stroking him, sliding the loose flesh up and down in a slow, 
magical rhythm that caused his ache to increase almost beyond 
endurance. Then she rose to her knees and hovered over him on all 
fours, her face a scant few inches from the throbbing moist head of his 
penis. She held it tightly between both hands, stroking it between the 
flat of her palms in a teasing up and down motion that caused his loins 
to undulate in time to her maddening pace.

Her head dropped slowly toward the hardness of him and suddenly her 
tongue flicked forward, me tip boring teasingly into the wetness of the 
tiny gland on the end. He sucked his breath in from the sudden 
unexpected contact. Chills rippled along his back, bonging a groan from 
his parched lips. She brought her mouth down all the way and enclosed 
the whole of the sensitive, lust-engorged knob in a moist, warm 
pressure. Her lips tightened like an elastic band around it just below 
the head, trapping it completely inside the warm wet cavern of her 
mouth as her tongue tormentingly flicked at the super-sensitive tip.

"God!" he groaned, lifting his head from the bed and staring down at 
her contorted face. The sight of his hard shaft of flesh sunk halfway 
between her pink, widely ovaled lips increased the sensation a thousand 
fold. It was still wet from the juices of her orgasm and glistened like 
the stump of a wet tree along the part she had not yet sucked up 
between her soft moist lips. She massaged the soft resilient skin of 
his sperm-laden testicles gently with one hand and stroked the base of 
his cock between the thumb and forefinger of the other as she began to 
suck rhythmically up and down. He could feel the softness of her tongue 
twirling maddeningly around it at the apex of the withdrawal, the tip 
flicking magically across the tiny opening of the gland on the end. He 
flexed his buttocks, his head still raised, watching the top of her 
head bobbing up and down below. The sight of her labors made it all the 
more exciting for him.

Valerie Dodge could feel his throbbing reaction and began to suck his 
long hard prick more voraciously, the tips of her teeth digging gently 
into the hard resisting flesh, leaving small white trails where they 
had scraped the blood from beneath the surface of the loose skin. She 
shifted her position over his thigh without disengaging her mouth from 
his prick and kneeled on all fours between his open legs. She reached 
under his buttocks and cupped them in her palms, pulling his loins up 
tighter to her face. Her tongue swiped around and around the heavily 
throbbing head furiously until Phillip felt it nearing the bursting 
point as she took almost all of the rigid shaft deep into her throat. 
He was certain she would choke, but somehow she managed to relax the 
muscles in her tender throat passage, and his thickly-swollen prick 
eased down the soft channel easily as she continued the maddening 
sucking on and on.

Great swirls of heat were building deep in his balls as he watched her 
face working above his sweating loins. He could see tiny rivulets of 
sweat rolling in thin droplets from the side of her body as she bucked 
over him like a demon gone mad. The muscles of his stomach tightened 
until he thought they would snap from the pressure as he arched his 
back up completely off the bed, pushing his cock even deeper between 
the moistly ovaled ridges of her softly working lips.

He groaned over and over again, his lips working frantically and wild 
unintelligible garbled mumblings spitting from his painfully clenched 
teeth. Suddenly, he gasped. The moment was here and a low, gutteral 
sound started from somewhere deep in his chest as he felt the hot 
sticky sperm begin its mad headlong dash from the shelter of his balls 
and begin spewing in hot thin streams into her ravenously sucking 
mouth. Her cheeks expanded and hollowed fish-like as she greedily 
swallowed the warm flooding gushes to keep from choking. She went on 
sucking wildly as he emptied his white-hot sperm into the wetness of 
her mouth. His hands tangled cruelly in her hair, holding her head to 
the throbbing of his loins as he pushed his squirting prick all the way 
down to her tonsils. She coughed sporadically as she swallowed and 
gulped desperately to regain her breath. He moaned his last and grunted 
heavily in final and complete fulfillment. Slowly, his cock deflated in 
her mouth but she continued sucking, nibbling softly and carefully, 
drawing every last drop of the warm sticky sperm from his bruised and 
battered cock. And it was over ...

*  *  *

Silently, the steel doors of the elevator opened and Phillip Wright 
stepped out into the marble-clad corridor. His heels clicked loudly on 
the stone floor as he walked toward the Dodge apartment, one of only 
two on the entire huge floor.

Yes, it was a strange series of circumstances allright ... Valerie, 
poised as usual, had dressed and hurried out into the reception room 
that day ahead of him, apologizing to Jessica profusely for keeping 
"your handsome man," explaining that she had some work in mind for him. 
Jessica, naturally, was overjoyed, so much so, in fact, that she never 
noticed the somewhat sheepish Cheshire-cat grin on his face when he 
returned a few minutes later. And apparently Valerie Dodge was serious 
about the work, for a day later she called with an offer of a short-
term assignment, sort of a trial run, you might say. And with an 
invitation to this party.

He'd thought of telling Jessica, but then, since he hadn't actually 
seen her in a few days, it hardly seemed worth the bother. She'd 
understand, probably, knowing it was only for business, even though it 
wasn't the sort of thing she'd ever dream of. Phillip half-laughed to 
himself as he thought of what Jessica's reaction would be to the mere 
mention of what had happened the other day in Valerie's office. Jesus, 
she'd go out of her mind!

"Phillip, darling! Come in, come in!" Valerie swished from the suddenly 
open door and hustled him into the immense living room ... and into the 
most important night of his life.



Chapter 6


Jessica Wright waited nervously for the doorman to open her door as she 
sat, somewhat afraid, in the enormous Mercedes-Benz limousine that had 
brought her to this fashionable riverside high-rise. The uniformed 
employee was fast on his feet for an old man, or at least he was when 
he recognized the car. She politely thanked the driver, a middle-aged 
black who only nodded in reply, and lifted the hem of her silvery gown, 
her arm firmly but gently held by the doorman, as she made her way to 
the building entrance.

William Dodge had sent the car for her, just as he had promised on the 
telephone when he called day before yesterday. She had nearly refused 
his invitation at first, feeling it only fair to talk this over with 
Phillip first. But her aunt's phone had been out of order for almost a 
week now, and still no sign of a repairman from that marvelously 
efficient New York telephone company. She couldn't call him for an 
okay. And after all, didn't Mr. Dodge take special care to emphasize 
that Mrs. Dodge would be at the party too? What could be wrong with 
accepting his kind invitation? Surely, the contacts she could make at a 
party like this would be a great help in her modeling career, maybe 
even in Phillip's art practice.

Jessica was reluctant for another reason, too ... it was only a few 
short days since that horrible night at Marty Felder's. That nightmare 
was still indelibly etched in her mind, and there still remained the 
awful task of telling Phillip the truth about what went on in the 
Felder penthouse. She knew she had to tell him eventually--it wouldn't 
be fair to even think about marriage until she'd leveled with him. 
Maybe he wouldn't want her after he learned the truth ... some men 
couldn't live with the knowledge that their wives had done something as 
unspeakable as what she had been dragged into at Marty Felder's. But 
that was the gamble she'd have to take. If Phillip was indeed half the 
man she knew he was, he'd understand He'd forgive her and go on loving 
her just as though nothing had ever happened.

And for her part, Jessica knew now never to let herself be suckered 
into anything again, no matter what the odds. There could never be 
another Marty Felder in her life, for Jessica Richards the kid grew up 
that night. And no man would ever pull the wool over her eyes again. 
Not that she had to worry with Phillip--he wasn't the sort. Wild 
perhaps, like all artists are, in some way or another, but sweet and 
warm and gentle. Not like so many men she'd met since embarking on this 
career. Not like the Marty Felder's of this world.

Of course, there hadn't been any job offer forthcoming from that 
horrible Felder. All she could thank that filthy pervert for was the 
chance at an interview with William Dodge. That much he owed her, he 
reluctantly admitted, after a quarter-hour of non-stop tears when the 
heartless monster finally admitted that he really didn't have anything 
open for her at the moment. And it was that interview that led her to 
this party.

Jessica's heart quickened as she entered the plushly decorated lobby; 
she paused in front of one of the ceiling-high mirrors to check her 
hair. One of her classmates from modeling school had styled it for her, 
and the effect, she'd have to admit, was stunning. It was high in back, 
and trailed down over the sides of her head in a half-dozen little 
ringlets, each of them lightly frosted to add contrast to her honey-
blonde luxuriant hair. The dress was a real extravagance, but one she 
hoped would be worth the investment. Her Aunt had lent her the money, 
but only after she heard where the party was being held. When the Dodge 
name and address was mentioned, she couldn't dig up the money fast 
enough. No niece of hers was going to William Dodge's home without a 
new dress, she had insisted, and Jessica, admittedly, had offered only 
the least of token resistance.

"Miss Richards?"

She turned, surprised at the sound of her name, It was Bill Dodge, 
elegant in an Italian jumpsuit creation that made him look like 
Mastroianni in an imported movie. "Oh, hello. I didn't expect to find 
you in the lobby," she said.

He laughed, and when he did the soft skin around his eyes furrowed into 
a hundred tiny wrinkles, like the eyes of a cowboy after years of 
squinting into the southwestern sun. He looked his age, fifty-three 
according to the magazines, but he was an elegantly-preserved fifty-
three, to be sure. She liked that about him--he didn't try to look and 
act twenty-five, like so many men in the television and advertising 
game.

"Actually, I was just coming down to ask Anderson here if there had 
been any sign of you." He paused to look her over, appraising me young 
blonde's delightfully trim figure, barely concealed beneath the skin-
tight second skin of her silver gown. "You're quite lovely, you know 
that?"

Jessica felt the color fill her face and she turned away; she was a 
model now, after all, and she should certainly be acclimated to 
comments on her looks by now. But still, coming from a man as well-
known and important as William Dodge, it was quite a compliment indeed. 
"Thank you, Mr. Dodge," she replied demurely, averting her eyes from 
his openly appraising stare.

"Well, now that you're here, let's go back upstairs and join the 
others. There's quite a crowd up there, and I'm afraid the party's gone 
on without us."

"Oh, I'm terribly sorry we were late. But it wasn't your driver's 
fault," she explained as they entered the elevator. "You see, we were 
caught in this immense traffic jam on Riverside Drive. There was a big 
wreck right in that sharpest curve and we couldn't do anything but wait 
it out."

"Now, now, don't be concerned," he said with a paternal air, "No harm 
done. I do hope you enjoy the party. Oh, by the way, you did know that 
Wright gentleman was here, didn't you?"

"Wright? You mean Phillip Wright?" she asked, trying to mask her utter 
and total amazement and surprise.

"Yes, that young man you were with in my office the other day. The one 
my wife Valerie invited in for an interview. Commercial artist, I 
believe."

Jessica struggled hard and fast to compose herself before she spoke ... 
Phillip, what can I say to him! He all never understand!

"Uh, actually, I didn't know he was coming," she managed to mutter 
after a long few seconds, "but I haven't seen him lately anyway. Does 
he know I'm to be here?"

"No, I don't think so. Valerie just happened to mention it to me. I 
haven't even been introduced myself yet. Would you prefer not to see 
him?"

"Oh, no, nothing like that! It's just ... I'd like to talk to him 
alone, you understand?"

"Of course, of course," the older man smiled, "Don't let it worry that 
pretty little head of yours. Besides, it's so dark, I doubt he'd 
recognize you."

Jessica shrugged off that last remark; there was enough rolling around 
in her mind already to keep her confused for a lifetime. She took a 
deep breath and counted slowly backwards from ten, an old trick they'd 
taught her in modeling classes to help you compose yourself. And then 
they reached the Dodge's floor; she could hear the sounds of the party 
when the doors silently opened. Oh well, she thought, here goes!



Chapter 7


Bill Dodge placed his hand very properly in the small of the beautiful 
young blonde's back, just lightly enough to guide her through the 
double doorway and into the tiled entrance foyer. He took her light 
wrap and hung it in the formal-sized coat closet, along with what 
looked like a million expensive furs and cashmeres. She turned to look 
down the corridor toward the living room doorway, and Dodge was able to 
get a few seconds of uninterrupted, unabashed staring in before it was 
necessary to put back on his Mr. Nice Guy-smile. Christ, what a body! 
The ass on this lovely young chick he just couldn't believe! Two nice 
ripe handfuls, just aching to be squeezed like a couple of juicy 
melons, nearly bursting from her skin-tight dress. He could even see 
the lovely dimpled little crevice where the fabric dipped as it 
lovingly stretched across the glorious swell of her buttocks. Damn, his 
wife, Valerie, had certainly made the right move this time. Sometimes 
her choices were a bit strange, like that actor from California and his 
heroin-shooting wife, but not this time! This little honey was all 
right!

Of course, William Dodge hadn't always been quite so free-swinging and 
hip in his extra-marital sex life; he had Valerie to thank for the 
sudden new world she had introduced him to a few years back. There were 
two broken marriages behind each of them when they met in 1961 at the 
New York Art Director's Show, an annual exhibition of some of the best 
in advertising commercial art. Bill was there that year with several of 
his creative staff, riding high on the crest of agency popularity, 
having been just selected as the firm to package three network specials 
for NBC for the upcoming fall season, and Valerie Madison, after giving 
up her acting career, was then at the peak of her fame as the world's 
top model-agency chief, or procurer, as she liked to call herself for 
shock-value. Both of them at their zenith seemingly, career-wise, yet 
both were searching for something to fill the undeniable void in their 
respective lives. And after a few months of occasional dating and being 
buzzed about in all the society page columns, they decided to get 
married.

It had been, at first, as much of a merger as a marriage, the two 
corporate heads bringing their resources and assets together in a 
pooling that formed the W. B. Dodge Company as it existed today, 
Valerie magnanimously offering her new husband the right to sole use of 
the bannerhead. Not that there hadn't been another side to their 
marriage--Valerie certainly saw to that. Until she came along, Bill 
Dodge had never known what really total sexual excitement was all 
about. Sure, he'd had his share of would-be starlets and agency 
hangers-on, and they were all satisfying in their own sort of way, but 
nothing like this. Valerie was a veritable chasm of sexual delights, 
seemingly never tiring of incessant romps beneath the covers, 
continually frequent couplings that he knew he could only hope to 
provide her for just so long.

Extramarital sex wasn't even a topic they discussed; possibly if they 
had tried to agree on a plan of action, their life together would have 
been doomed to failure. But Valerie came through again, introducing him 
to a circle of friends she had apparently kept well obscured during the 
early months of their marriage, explaining much later that she wasn't 
lying, just waiting until he was ready for such far-out hobbies as 
wife-swapping and all-night orgies with a dozen or more couples.

But Dodge had taken to this new life like a duck to water, only in the 
very beginning feeling those omnipresent pangs of gnawing jealousy as 
he saw his lovely wife naked, being screwed until she screamed in 
ecstasy, sometimes by as many as five or six men in the course of one 
evening's get-together. Not now, though, now he enjoyed her little 
dalliances as much as his own, and fortunately, his new-found 
voyeuristic proclivities were well complemented by Valerie's obsessive 
exhibitionism.

Yes, their sex lives were most compatible. And they never forgot their 
allegiance to each other. Valerie, by turning the best of her current 
ripening young models over to her husband, satisfying his frequent 
cravings for just the right girlish, slim-hipped teeny-bopper to answer 
the burning desires his lechery fanned in his balls; and Dodge himself, 
never tiring in his quest for tireless young studs to toss to his 
insatiable auburn-haired wife like raw meat to a lioness. In fact, it 
had been he who first pointed out this newest passion to Valerie, 
directing her to "take a look at that artist kid waiting for his girl 
in our reception room." Valerie, of course, had taken it from there. 
And quite well, too, judging from the video tapes he'd previewed only 
last night.

His eyes caught a glimpse of Jessica's trim lovely legs, framed in the 
slit of her dress that went nearly up to the top of her thigh. She 
caught him staring at her when she turned, and quickly looked away, 
trying hard not to blush this time.

"Well, let's get a couple of drinks first and then join the fun," he 
said cheerily.

Jessica peered around the doorway into the immense living room; it was 
actually two rooms, L-shaped, and probably close to sixty feet at its 
longest point. The room was quite dark, most of the illumination coming 
from a good-sized projection screen at the end of the longest leg. A 
film was running; Jessica recognized it immediately as one of Valerie 
Madison's earlier television shows, a situation comedy that was quite 
successful in the fifties and now well into its thousandth rerun on 
afternoon TV. The long room, really more like a hall, was crowded with 
people, some sitting, some standing, quite a few even sprawled on the 
shag-carpeted floor. It was impossible to recognize anyone in the dim 
light, and for this she was grateful. It meant she didn't have to come 
to grips with the problem of what to tell Phillip right away; maybe 
with some time to think, it would be easier.

Dodge handed her a tall drink, served in a thick frosted glass, which 
he obtained from the light-skinned Negro busily mixing cocktails behind 
a richly-padded leather bar hidden away in one corner.

"What is it?" she asked, rather surprised that her host had not first 
asked her her preference.

There was a sudden burst of laughter as the slapstick action on the 
screen grew increasingly frantic, and the crowded smoky room came alive 
with screams of amusement. "It's a special drink that Valerie 
discovered. She serves it at all her parties ..." He was nearly 
shouting in her ear to be heard over the noise. "... Won't tell me the 
secret ingredients. Nobody knows but her. She mixes it up ahead of time 
and Randolph, the barman, just gets another pitcher from the kitchen 
maid when he runs low. I do know the base is absinthe Pernod, the real 
stuff from Spain."

"Pernod! Isn't that supposed to be poison, or something?" asked Jessica 
cautiously. She suddenly remembered a few half-whispered tales about 
the milky drink, rumors about its potent powers. Some even claimed it 
to be an aphrodisiac, though this had been disputed.

"It's like a lot of things, poisonous if you drink too much of it. 
Hell, you can die from drinking Scotch, if you decide to empty a barrel 
instead of a bottle. Don't worry about it," he assured her, "we've all 
been drinking it for years, and nothing's gone wrong yet." And at that, 
he made a melodramatic grab for his throat, clutching his windpipe as 
if dying, his eyeballs suddenly puffed out like a frog's.

Jessica laughed aloud at his obvious kidding, then suddenly felt quite 
better, more relaxed about being here, about having to eventually face 
Phillip. William Dodge seemed quite human to her now, no longer the 
distant, marble-cut corporate captain she'd known him to be from afar.

She felt a slight light headedness from the strong drink, though the 
potent blend was, indeed, very tasty, more like a tangy milkshake than 
the harsh gagging concoction she had expected. There was a glow there, 
but otherwise it didn't seem to dull her thinking like alcohol usually 
did. She liked it and sipped heavily again as William Dodge passed her 
another drink. A strange giddiness seemed to pervade throughout her 
whole body as she turned from the bar and looked around the darkened 
room. She had to squint her eyes to even see the opposite end because 
of the dimness, but still, she could make out the silhouettes of little 
clusters of people scattered about the enormous apartment. She strained 
to see if she could spot Phillip, half-hoping Dodge had been wrong and 
her boyfriend wasn't here. She wondered if he'd tried to reach her, 
explain that he was invited to this get-together. But she knew he had, 
it wouldn't be like sweet Phillip to do otherwise.

And then she saw him, outlined quite clearly as he passed in front of 
the doorway to the apartment's other rooms. Her whole body tensed, and 
she could see out of the corner of her eye that Dodge had noticed her 
sudden reaction. He came directly toward them, and she thought for a 
moment he had spotted her. But no, he stopped at a thickly upholstered 
loveseat sofa just a few feet away from where she stood near the bar.

"What's wrong, dear," Dodge whispered in her ear.

"Shhhhh," she managed, afraid that Phillip would hear her voice. She 
stood immobile for what seemed hours, not resisting as William Dodge 
slipped his arm around her waist and pulled her tight against him. She 
felt the softness of her breasts crushed against his chest, though she 
didn't move as she watched, unbelieving, as Phillip's arms went 
familiarly around the body of the attractive woman she now recognized 
as Valerie Dodge.

"It's Phillip ... and your wife!" she whispered loudly, safer now from 
discovery that her boyfriend's back was turned. She watched with tears 
filling her eyes as Phillip's hands were seemingly at once everywhere 
on the voluptuous celebrity's receptive body. She saw now for the first 
time the horrible truth ... the man she held up as an example to strive 
for, the wonderful friend and lover she idolized ... no better than any 
cheating husband or boyfriend anywhere.

"Don't cry, luv, you'll smear your make-up."

"I don't care anymore," she replied bitterly, dabbing her eyes gingerly 
with his handkerchief. "I'd like another drink, please. It looks like 
I'11 need one."

"Now you're talking," smiled Bill Dodge, "that's just what I hoped 
you'd say."

Dodge's arm curled around her waist as she pulled heavily on her new 
drink; she leaned limply against him, all will to fight kicked out of 
her like a lungful of air with the revelation of Phillip's obvious 
infidelity. It hurt her, hurt her badly. And ironically, it hurt even 
worse because of her own horrible failure, that nightmarish encounter 
with Marty Felder. All the hours, All the nights of worrying, crying 
... and all along, her precious boyfriend, the man she was going to 
marry, was no better. Even worse, he had a choice; no one forced him 
into anything. A man couldn't be forced to do the things she was seeing 
him do with her own eyes. God, how it ached to see him like this, like 
a fallen angel kicked from his place on high, now just another mortal, 
wallowing in the dust and dirt of earthly sin.

Only the knowledge that her wonderful Phillip would someday understand, 
that she could come to him, humbly and without conditions, to ask for 
his forgiveness ... only that knowledge had kept her alive these few 
days, had given her the strength to go on despite the ravishment she 
had endured at the hands of Marty Felder. Just thinking of Phillip, her 
knight in shining armor, had given her the will to live, the desire to 
keep on striving for what she had set as her goal in life. She had 
drawn from him a feeling of security, of strength, much like another 
might have drawn from her rosary or her Bible. And now, now that was 
all gone ... she felt more alone, more deserted and helpless, than 
she'd ever felt in her whole life. More than when she left home to come 
to New York, even more than last week when she left Felder's penthouse, 
bruised and ravaged, raped of her virginity.

Damn him, she thought, damn, damn, damn! He's not the only one who can 
have a good time! If he can do it, so can I! She could hurt him just as 
much as he could hurt her and if she had to do it, she would, without a 
second's hesitation. She sipped again on the strong greenish drink; the 
liquid seemed to wash away her tears, leaving in their place a kind of 
seething anger that grew by the moment.

She tried not to look, to keep her eyes away from the spectacle her 
boyfriend and this man's wife were making of themselves, but she 
couldn't, and when she looked again, to her horrified amazement, he had 
his hand inside the woman's dress as she lay back, her eyes closed, 
savoring his lascivious massaging, a rapturous expression on her face.

"The kid seems to know what he's doing," whispered Bill in her ear 
contemptuously.

"Oh, how could he. I mean, how could they!" she said, clenching her 
teeth, her voice rising in anger.

"Quiet, they'll hear you," he said in her hair, "and we don't want a 
scene. Remember, she's my wife."

Jessica knew he was right, as much as she would have liked to scream a 
few things into Phillip Wright's face and storm out. She gulped down 
the rest of her cocktail and asked for another, not taking her eyes for 
a moment off the lovemaking couple only a dozen feet away. Valerie's 
dress was unbuttoned now, and Phillip had lowered his face to her 
breasts. Even in the dim light, Jessica could see that his lips were 
fastened to the redhaired woman's nipple, she squirmed from side to 
side in the narrow confines of the loveseat.

She hardly dared to breathe. The strong drink had turned her body into 
a loose bundle of nerve ends that her mind could no longer control. She 
could not believe what she was seeing with her own two eyes ... nor 
could she believe the feelings that were suddenly stirring in her own 
flesh in tiny licking flames of desire. Was it the absinthe? Or was it 
the wanton forbidden wickedness of watching the man she loved making 
love to another woman? She didn't know, but whatever it was, it was 
steadily growing within her.

Bill Dodge's hands were around her waist, tenderly massaging her around 
the middle, and she didn't protest as his hands moved upward, slowly at 
first, until his palms cupped around the firm, lusciously formed mounds 
of her well-ripened young titties. She could feel the heat of his 
breath as he nibbled at the side of her neck. Paralyzed, she watched 
mutely as Phillip's hands searched under Dodge's wife's dress, found 
their mark as she arched suddenly, a silent scream on her lips, her 
eyes rolling in her head.

Suddenly Phillip glanced their way; she snapped her head away in time, 
but her lips were quickly met by Bill's insistent mouth. She let him 
kiss her; in fact, she kissed him back, hard ... he almost hoped 
Phillip had spotted her, hoped he could see her in the arms of Bill 
Dodge, watch helplessly as she allowed another man to hold her, to 
caress her, to fondle her like his own ... like he was doing with 
Valerie Dodge!

Bill's hands snaked over the supple curves of her young perfectly 
formed model's body, explored the curves and soft female recesses of 
her trim figure. And she didn't try to stop him. Twice she almost 
pulled away, almost ran from the room, from this whole building ... but 
she glanced at Phillip and Bill's wife. And that was enough to make her 
stay, to make her fight. Damn Phillip Wright! I'll show him! I'll show 
him!

"Looks like they're moving to someplace quieter ... with a little more 
privacy," whispered Bill. Jessica jerked her head around; in her 
growing passion, she had almost forgotten for a moment about her 
boyfriend and this man's wife.

Then she saw them moving through the crowd of buzzing people, past a 
couple or two already embraced on the carpet or on the sofas. He was 
right! They were going toward the bedrooms!

She turned away from the lurid scene, back to her drink and to Bill. 
She finished it hurriedly, then another, fighting once again to hold 
back the stinging tears that filled her eyes.

Later, after he had pressed more drinks than she could count in her 
hands and she had gratefully downed them, he pulled her to her feet 
from the couch. "Come on," he whispered quietly. "Let's just see what 
that young boyfriend of yours is doing to my wife. We might even try to 
even things up with them."

She followed him blindly, not caring where he was taking her or how 
long it took to get there.

"They've had long enough. We'll probably catch 'em right in the middle 
of it," Bill Dodge said. Jessica had lost count of the passion-inciting 
absinthe cocktails and she followed him wearily, like a lost child, 
toward the bedroom where Valerie and Phillip had disappeared a half-
hour or so ago.

They reached the end of the corridor. "In here," he said, holding a 
finger to his lips. "And be quiet. They're in the same room."

He opened the door just enough for them to squeeze through without 
letting in too much light, though there was scarcely more light in the 
hallway than in the darkened bedroom. The room was large, even for Bill 
Dodge's apartment. It would have made an enormous dining room in any 
lesser man's apartment, here it was only the master bedroom.

She expected him to take her hand and lead her through the darkness, 
but instead, his arms pulled her to him and his lips came wetly into 
her mouth. She sucked on it gently, letting her body melt into his in 
the darkness. She could feel herself begin to tremble from the wicked 
excitement of another man's kiss long and hard and she could suddenly 
feel a slight jerk where his loins pressed into the softness of her 
stomach. He was getting hard and she sensed a sudden tensing in her own 
breasts as the tips were smashed hard against his chest.

Christ, I want to fuck you," he breathed into her ear.

Just the words strangely excited her as never before; but not a fearful 
excitement, it was one she welcomed. She reached down between their 
bodies and boldly stroked his penis, feeling more wicked than she ever 
had before. The tingling in her breasts dropped to her thighs and 
danced there magically for a moment as he sucked in his breath from her 
touch.

"Take off your dress," he whispered hoarsely, unable to stand it any 
longer. He guided her backwards to a chair that she could barely make 
out in the dimness of a tiny night-light from the bathroom. Her eyes 
had adjusted to the darkness now and she could distinguish the forms of 
the furniture easier now.

Jessica's hands trembled as she reached behind her and slid the zipper 
silently down from her neck to the cleft of her buttocks. She lifted 
the dress over her head and dropped it softly back across the chair. 
She gasped unintentionally as the cool air rushed over her nipples; she 
hadn't worn a bra with the modish outfit, and she shivered now as the 
coolness teased the sensitive buds of her pink, already slightly 
pulsating nipples. She had her panties only remaining, not even 
stockings, as the dress was so long they weren't needed. Her almost-
nakedness sent chills through her flesh, exciting her as she had never 
been excited before. The thought that she would soon be writhing in 
passion with another man with Phillip in the same room only added to 
the forbidden joy. She would never have believed it possible for her to 
do this, never in a million years. But here she was, nearly stripped, 
in a near-stranger's bedroom ... and about to be fucked. Phillip 
Wright, you've got nobody to blame but yourself, she told herself, 
tempted to cry out in the darkness and let him try to figure it out. 
She could hear Bill Dodge struggling to get rid of his clothing and she 
smiled at his obvious impatience to get at her. Yes, she felt suddenly 
a different person, changed, changed drastically. And she was sure 
she'd like the new Jessica Richards far better than the old!

He reached for her in the darkness, his hands coming into contact with 
the nakedness of her shoulder first, the coolness of his hands causing 
her to jump.

"Oh, you frightened me. Where are they? Are you certain they are in 
this room?" she whispered.

"Oh, yes, they're on the other bed. There are two kingsized ones in 
here. Now get out of your panties," he said, his fingers brushing 
lightly over her to "see" what she had left.

She stripped the whiteness of her soft silken panties down over the 
fullness of her hips and thighs and stepped from them, dropping them 
with her dress on the adjacent chair. Now she was naked, totally, stark 
naked! And somehow she wasn't afraid! She felt no guilt about this, not 
this time ... he asked for it, and she aimed to give Phillip Wright 
just what he deserved.

Bill's hands reached out in the darkness and began running over her 
naked flesh. She stood still, her arms at her sides, trembling from the 
wicked sensations running through her. He dropped his head to her 
breast, cupping it in his hand, and sucked the tiny throbbing nipple 
deep into his warm wet mouth. Jessica groaned and swayed in the 
darkness, almost falling.

"Don't ... not here," she said courageously. "I want to do it where 
Phillip and your wife can hear us."

Without speaking, he took her hand quickly and led her to the bed 
closest them. It was even darker here, with not even the grayish 
nightlight glow to illuminate this side of the room. He stopped in the 
pitch darkness to get his bearings and Jessica held her breath ... then 
... she could hear them! Yes, small sounds, lewd wet sounds she'd never 
heard before seemed to emanate from the other side of the coal-black 
room. She had no difficulty imagining what was going on, the wetness of 
the lewdly rising sucking sounds was a dead giveaway. Oh god, was Bill 
going to expect the same things from her! She wished she were drunker, 
blinded to what little sense of decency she had left within her. She 
knew she couldn't refuse him now; she had to show Phillip!

They reached the empty bed and he guided her down gently onto the 
silken coverlet spread over it. She had never felt anything quite like 
the sensation the first touch of it across her back gave her. It was 
warm from the first contact when she had expected it to be cold. She 
wriggled her back against it cat-like as she felt the sag of his weight 
on the bed as he lay down next to her. He made no attempts to keep his 
movements quiet and she was certain Phillip and Valerie could hear them 
but it only added to the excitement that she was going to get herself 
screwed silly while he lay listening to all the sounds she made. She 
waited quietly for a moment as Bill pressed his nakedness to hers for 
some sounds that would indicate that they had disturbed the other two 
nakedly writhing people, but there were none. The soft wet sucking 
noises continued unabated as though they were unaware of anyone else's 
presence.

"Ooohhhh, God," she suddenly groaned, forgetting entirely that Phillip 
was just across the room. Bill Dodge's warm wet lips had begun a gentle 
nibbling along her shoulder, sending goose-bumps racing over her flesh. 
She quivered uncontrollably from the sudden unexpected sensation and 
dropped her hand between them, involuntarily grasping his hard erected 
cock in her hands. She heard him groan in return as she pushed against 
it with her fingers, sliding the foreskin back over the round rubbery 
head.

"I'm going to fuck you until you can't walk straight, baby," he gasped 
hoarsely between panting breaths. "God, you've got one incredible 
body."

Jessica smiled to herself through the sensations of desire building 
deep in her belly. She was indeed a woman after all, and for a man like 
Bill Dodge to be excited about you, well, that really meant something!

'Yes, Bill, darling, I want you to ... I want you to fuck me. Fuck me 
good, please," she moaned with false passion, hearing with quiet 
satisfaction the sudden stillness of the other couple. And then, a 
feminine voice.

"Keep sucking me, Phillip, lover! Lick it good, baby! Don't stop for 
anything!" came the loud whisper through the room in desperation and 
then she heard the sounds of movement as though someone were struggling 
to pull someone back to them, then ... the wet, lewd sucking noises 
again, only quieter this time.

Jessica didn't dare breathe. Phillip was doing it to her! Her 
boyfriend, the man in her life ... sucking that tramp! His tongue 
probably swirling shamelessly around in her vagina!

It was the last controlled thought she had. Bill's hot moist mouth 
fastened tightly to an excitedly erected nipple and began a gentle 
sucking pressure against it. His hands coursed lightly at the same time 
over the soft firmness of her belly and thighs. His mouth played for a 
long delicious moment around me throbbing tits, moving from one to the 
other, his tongue trailing wetly down through the narrow fleshy valley 
between them as he alternated his attention to each.

And then, his mouth slid down over her now hotly quivering belly, his 
penis sliding from her hand as his body moved away. He ground his 
tongue for a moment into her navel, bringing small mewls and gasps of 
pleasure from her open mouth. He moved lower, maddening patterns of 
indecent sensation trailing after his gently nibbling teeth. She felt 
her thighs being pressed gently open and she made no resistance as he 
haunched down between them. She sucked in her breath with a gasp as she 
felt his fingers spreading the soft hair covered lips of her vagina and 
the coolness of the air touched her there. His tongue flicked forward, 
the tip teasing moistly against the tiny bud of her clitoris, causing 
it to throb into a shocked, eagerly quivering hardness. He lowered his 
fingers and spread the opening of her cunt wide apart and then 
suddenly, dropping his tongue from her clitoris, thrust it deep into 
the pink, moist flesh of her open pussy mouth.

Jessica jerked spasmodically from the sudden wet searing contact and, 
reaching down, tangled her fingers in his hair and pulled his face hard 
into her loins. His tongue circled around maddeningly inside her, the 
tip flicking teasingly against the wet sensitive walls of her pussy 
like the warning tongue of a vicious snake about to strike.

"Mmmmmm." A deep-throated sigh of pleasure escaped from deep in her 
throat. "It's good, darling. Do it more, Bill, lick it more!" she cried 
loudly enough for Phillip to hear.

She chanted the words now without thought, her breasts heaving against 
her chest. Her legs splayed out wide and she jackknifed her knees up 
hard against her swaying breasts to open her cunt wide, as wide as she 
could, to offer him the whole fleshy pink expanse. He spread the smooth 
upturned crevice of her buttocks wide apart with the palms of his 
hands, stretching them cruelly as he heard her begging for more, and 
dropping his tongue to the small tightly puckered anus, thrust the tip 
hard against it until he felt it finally give slightly and the tip 
enter just a little. She fairly shrieked her joy now as he teased it 
wetly against the sensitive tightness of her rectal lips. 

"Oh, Bill! Bill! God, it's so good!"

He moistened the tip of his middle finger in her cunt and pressed it 
against the tight little hole, his mouth returning to her clitoris, and 
as he nibbled against it he thrust forward with his finger, sinking it 
to the knuckle in her asshole. A groan burst from her lips, and then he 
sank the upraised digit a knuckle further.

"Aaaawwww, God ...! God ...! It hurts! It hurts!!"

He held it still and thrust his tongue deep up her vagina again until 
she became accustomed to the strange stretching presence in her 
asshole.

She lay still, holding her breath with her mouth wide open, her lips 
drawn back tight over her teeth and her breasts quivering sensuously on 
her chest. Then, after an eternity, she began to breathe again. He 
began to lick and suck in earnest now, twisting his finger around and 
around in her rectum, stretching it wider with each brutal circle until 
the pain in her rear passage merged with the powerful pleasure-pain 
coursing through her pussy and she began thrusting her white rounded 
buttocks back up on his finger, skewering it into herself in rhythm 
with the lashing of his tongue. He slid his free hand up under her 
upraised buttocks and pressed them tight up against his face, locking 
him to her in a lascivious wet connection of tongue and pussy. The soft 
curly hair grazed tantalizingly against his cheeks.

A strange masochistic wildness had somehow taken control of her body as 
she lay impaled between his tongue and finger and she ground her ass in 
wild abandoned ecstasy hard up against the maddening probings of her 
hot steaming loins. Nothing mattered now but the agony of the lovely 
swirling sensations rippling over every inch of her naked flesh. There 
was nothing else in the world and she writhed and twisted beneath his 
impalement, gasping and screaming all the lewd words that came into her 
tortured and anguished mind.

"Yes, yes, Bill! Suck me, lick my pussy! Ram your finger harder in my 
ass! Oh harder, yes, harder! Aaawww!!"

Dodge worked like an avenging devil below, hearing her cries as she 
approached a quick climax. Jesus, he certainly hadn't misjudged this 
one. Scratch the surface, and ... voila! A screaming she-goddess of 
passion. She was a hot enough little bitch, all right, he thought 
through the blind ecstasy of bringing a tender young beauty like this 
to orgasm, playing her like he'd play a musical instrument. He flicked 
his tongue faster and ground his finger with greater severity into the 
ever-expanding hole of her anus.

Her body worked beneath him, her thighs spasmodically opening and 
closing on the sides of his head. He could feel their warm resilience 
press tightly against his ears as she would jerk involuntarily from an 
extra deep flick of his tongue in her cunt.

Bill Dodge felt her belly begin to rise and fall more quickly, her head 
flailing out of control from side to side on the mattress, her long 
blonde hair, undone now from its careful styling, lashing about the bed 
like a whip. He thrust his tongue deeper ...

Her thighs pressed tighter into the sides of his head, tightening and 
softening in a lewd rhythm to the thrusting of his punishing tongue. He 
knew she was on the brink of orgasm. Not quite there, but hanging on 
the very edge. Her breasts heaved and danced on her chest wildly, her 
fingers twisted crazily in his hair. Her head stopped its flailing and 
tensed as she arched her back, the cords in her neck standing out like 
steel tendons. Her face contorted and a low guttural scream rumbled 
deep in her throat, choked off at the last moment by a long soulful 
gasp that reminded him of a piteously dying young doe.

Aaaaahhhhhh ...

Jessica felt as though she were losing her insides as the fluid of her 
orgasm started deep in her belly and gushed out with a roar around his 
still thrashing tongue and out onto his face. She could feel it running 
wetly down the crevice of her buttocks, around the finger still worming 
hotly around in her anus, and down to the covers below. She gave one 
last great gasp and collapsed down into the mattress, dropping her legs 
like heavy weights of lead to each side of his body. She could not 
move, the world and everything around her was a big glowing ember, the 
charred fragments of the nerve-shattering explosion that had been her 
orgasm. She lay absolutely immobile, her arms and legs splayed out 
uselessly like a rag-doll on either side. Bill Dodge lay still also, 
with his head pillowed in the wet softness of the sparsely curling 
blonde pubic hair between her legs. They panted out their exhaustion 
together for a long moment and Bill crawled up over her and pressed his 
open mouth over hers. She could feel and taste the wetness and 
intensity of her orgasm on his cheeks and lips and thrust her tongue 
deep in his mouth in a wordless gesture of thanks for the incredible 
gift he had just given her.

"You rest for a minute, honey," he whispered in her ear. "Then it's 
your turn to suck me!"

She nodded her head gently in agreement with his mouth locked tightly 
to hers. She knew this was the moment she should have dreaded, but now 
it seemed like such a small thing to do for this man who had brought 
such a wild, deliciously wicked response from her. She had done it 
solely for revenge against Phillip, but instead, Bill Dodge had shown 
her what one person could really give to another. She wanted to repay 
him, to do anything he wanted of her ... and not for revenge this time, 
but to pay him back for what he had so wonderfully done.

Through the darkness, she could hear the soft mewling pleadings of 
Dodge's wife Valerie. She laughed softly to herself. Phillip had a long 
way to go and a lot to learn if he were ever going to compete with this 
man. God, even Marty Felder had succeeded in bringing some kind of 
response from her, crude and brutal though he was.

Bill lay with his leg thrown over her, his chin nestled against her 
shoulder as their breathing subsided. The wet sucking noises of 
Phillip's lovemaking to Bill's wife filtered through the room in a low 
continuous rhythm. They were punctuated by the soft moaning noises of 
her passion. Periodically, as he thrust his tongue forward extra 
vigorously, a slight whimper of surprised delight would erupt from her 
lips. Jessica could feel Bill's already hardened prick lying across her 
thigh, throbbing almost in unison to the sound of his wife's salacious 
groans.

"Ready, darling," he whispered, and moved temporarily away from her.

"Yes, roll onto your back," Jessica murmured surprising even herself at 
her own boldness, but she could think of no greater punishment for 
Phillip than to be present while another man shot his sperm deep up 
into the girl he was going to marry's throat and he was powerless to do 
anything about it. The thought of doing that to a man no longer 
repelled her as her loins were still moist and warm from the pleasures 
he had just conferred upon her and anything that made a person feel 
that good could not possibly be as degrading as it once seemed to her.

She began slowly, following his example in lieu of experience, running 
her tongue down the hollows of his neck to his chest. She found the 
small male nipples and nipped gently at them, sure they would offer no 
response. But to her pleasant surprise, they did, and she could feel 
him twist slightly from the strange sensation. She didn't know much yet 
about the naked male body and worked slowly to learn. With one hand she 
reached down and grasped his hardened penis between her fingers as she 
worked lower and lower with her tongue licking wildly at his flesh. She 
remembered the wild sensations that had run through her own body when 
he had licked at her navel and conferred the same on him, running her 
tongue around hotly inside it until she felt his stomach begin to heave 
beneath her. He was hairy and she could feel the soft wiriness of it 
against her lips and face as she moved. She dropped one hand down lower 
and grasped his hardened penis tightly between her fingers, drawing 
back the foreskin in a slow teasing motion that brought louder groans 
from his lips.

The position was growing more uncomfortable as she worked lower, so she 
crawled over him, pushed his legs apart, and kneeled on all fours 
between his thighs, her own feet hanging over the end of the bed.

Her face was over his loins now and she continued the gentle skinning 
back and forth of his ever hardening cock. Her lips were a bare inch 
away from the tip and she opened her mouth and breathed softly against 
it, allowing her hot breath to flow over the cool tip with a maddening 
slowness. 

"Ooohh, God, suck it! Now, baby!" she heard him groan above her. His 
words excited her as she knew her boyfriend next to them would hear and 
she found herself sadistically wishing she could see his face when he 
finally realized it was she, Jessica, doing this obscene thing, 
willingly, to another man. She'd show him! She was no little girl, she 
could be as much of a woman as that cheap hussy Valerie!

Her tongue flicked out, the tip coming into warm wet contact with the 
head of his cock. She circled it about the smooth, rubbery flesh as he 
groaned and twisted above from the cruel teasing she was subjecting him 
to. The tip of her slowly searching tongue found the tiny opening of 
the gland at the end and darted wetly into it. It was already moist 
from the tiny droplets of seminal fluid seeping from his rising 
excitement. The sharp pungent taste and odor caused her mouth to 
salivate and her nostrils to flare slightly. Her hands dropped to the 
base of the huge erected prick and she cupped his soft, smooth 
testicles gently with one of them, grazing her nails tantalizingly over 
the hairy flaccid flesh. The other hand she placed at the thick base of 
his cock where it soared from the curly black pubic hair covering his 
lower stomach. She pinched it between her thumb and forefinger and 
pulled down hard, skinning back the foreskin until the large red 
throbbing head stood alone and naked against the softness of her lips. 
She began planting moist warm kisses around it, beginning at the tip 
and tracing a path down the full length of it to the base and then 
wetly back up to the tip again. She played longer than she knew she 
should, not being able, just yet, to bring herself to take it wholly in 
her mouth.

But Bill could stand no more. With a gurgle deep in his throat, he 
reached down with his hands, tangled them in her hair and thrust his 
loins up with the strength of an enraged bull. Jessica resisted for a 
moment, doubts running wildly through her mind, but it was too late. 
The thick spongy head rammed inside, crushing through her soft moist 
lips, between the whiteness of her teeth and into the spongy softness 
of her tongue. She could feel the hardness of it as it rubbed against 
the full length of her mouth, almost imbedding itself deep in her 
throat.

She closed her eyes to keep from choking at the sight of it. Saliva 
seemed to fill her mouth, all of it, except that filled by Bill's great 
fleshy cock, now protruding banana-like from her ovaled shaped lips.

"Oooh, honey, your mouth feels so nice," she heard him murmur as he 
began a slow rhythmic undulation of his hips up into her face.

"Tighten you lips, baby, and suck harder," he hissed from above, 
through clenched teeth, his voice thick and coarse from his passion.

Jessica did as she was told, feeling at the same time the excitement 
growing again in her own body from the mean, debasing thought of her 
mouth being used this way by a man as wealthy and famous as Bill Dodge, 
just as Marty Felder had used her cunt, like a receptacle for his spent 
lust. She sucked demon-like, swishing her tongue with vengeance around 
and around the throbbing head sliding it teasingly and hotly in and out 
of her widely ovaled lips. She sucked voraciously, her head bobbing 
like a cork over his lewdly pumping loins. The masochistic joy of being 
used, used like a dirty whore while Phillips damn him, was only a few 
feet away, permeated her body in tingling surges of wanton ecstasy, 
submissive mewling sounds coming from her lips locked tightly around 
his thrusting cock. She was going to let him pump his lewd white sperm 
into it until it exploded out and ran from the edges of her lips in 
sticky white trails of blissful sensation that could be matched by 
nothing else in the world.

And if Phillip didn't know how, he would know soon enough ... he'd know 
everything!



Chapter 8


A little over a half hour before, Phillip had obediently followed Bill 
Dodge's wife into the same darkened room. He had wanted immediately to 
turn on the light so that he could again see her nakedness, to marvel 
at that wondrous body of hers, but she talked him out of it. He wasn't 
aware that her bringing him here was no accident, and that Valerie and 
Bill Dodge had planned all along to get him into this room with Jessica 
here at the same time. He had stripped his clothing from his body 
quickly in the darkness as she had waited on the bed urging him to 
hurry. His head whirled slightly from too much drink and he had not 
protested when the moment he stretched beside her she opened her legs 
wide and guided his head down between them.

He had never made love to a woman this way before, though he had often 
thought of it wistfully. He parted the softness of Valerie Dodge's soft 
curl-fringed vaginal lips with his thumbs and found his nostrils 
suddenly flaring from the sweet, soft odor of feminine arousal that 
arose from her body.

"Kiss it, darling, kiss my pussy," she had purred from above him, her 
fingers stroking softly through his longish hair.

He had flicked out his tongue experimentally and felt her jerk and 
quiver slightly as it came into contact with the smooth moist flesh 
exposed between the narrow pink ridges of her vaginal lips. He licked 
gently at the hardening little clitoris snuggled just above the wide-
stretched entrance to her cunt where it gave him a sudden sense of 
power as it brought further jerks from her body and greater moans 
sifting through her lips.

He pressed his thumbs farther apart, pulling the ragged moist edges of 
the open slit even further apart. His tongue traced a path up and down 
the full length searching out the wet hidden crevices between her legs. 
He gradually warmed to the task as he became more and more familiar 
with the tiny erogenous zones of her loins and felt her breathing 
increasing in intensity. His sense of power grew with the familiarity 
and he found himself teasing for a moment at a particularly sensitive 
area, listening to her impatient mewlings above him, then flicked his 
tongue forward at the last minute when he sensed she could wait no 
longer.

The groans and twisting increased until he pressed his head forward and 
thrust his tongue out lizard-like sinking it deep into the wet, moistly 
pulsating opening of her pussy. There was a weird soulful cry from her 
lips and then a slow, grinding of her loins up against his face began. 
Her hands tangles tight in his hair, kept his face imprisoned between 
her hungrily rotating thighs as though held by steel bands.

His cock hardened on the bed covers below and his own loins began a 
slow thrusting against the spread, rubbing the full tortured length of 
his rising penis against the softness of the mattress. The tingling 
sensation rising in his own belly from the pressure against his cock 
and the sweet soft odor of Valerie's warm fleshy cunt grinding on his 
face blotted out the thought of anything but this moment. Only for an 
instant did he think of Jessica, sweet innocent Jessica ... how she 
would react if she could see him now!

"Ooooh, fuck your tongue in and out a little faster, darling," she 
purred again, bringing his mind back to the task at present. He 
quickened his thrusts, feeling her buttocks increasing their speed 
slightly.

"Cup your hands under my ass and pull my cunt a little closer to your 
face, lover," she sighed heavily.

Phillip slid his hands down from between her thighs and cupped them 
under the smooth rounded globes of her ass, pulling the wetness of her 
loins up tighter against his face. He could feel tiny dewdrops of 
moisture forming against his cheeks on the edges of the soft pubic hair 
surrounding his lips. He nipped gently with his teeth into soft fleshy 
folds surrounding the widening hole and reveled in the tiny squeal it 
brought from her throat. He was enjoying this power he possessed over 
her and worked to show his complete domination on her every breath. His 
tongue slavered on and on in the moistness of her loins, increasing 
little by little in speed and depth until he had brought her to the 
point of absolute subjugation to the whims of his teasingly flicking 
tongue.

Then, as he licked and sucked between her widely yawning thighs like a 
hungry, mewling animal, he heard a sudden noise behind him in the 
darkness of the room. His first impulse was to raise his head and see 
what it was, but the strength of her hands holding his face tight to 
her loins prevented him.

He heard the noise again, closer this time as though someone were 
struggling quietly on the bed across from them. The smoothness of naked 
skin rustled against the bed cover punctuated by low, excited whispers. 
He closed his eyes and continued thrusting his tongue into Dodge's 
wife's cunt and then opened them again and tried to see Trough the 
darkness to the next bed. It was too dark, though the rear door to the 
bedroom, opening onto a lighted bath, was ajar. He was thinking why 
bother, it was probably some other couple trying to find a quiet 
secluded place of their own. He hurried his sucking of her cunt, hoping 
to satisfy her quickly as a thought of the others possibly sharing 
their hideaway began to nag him. And besides, he sort of wanted to get 
back to the party, for there was a girl out there that he had glimpsed 
only for an instant at the bar that he was dying to see closer. She 
looked strongly like Jessica, though a bit more sophisticated, and the 
curiosity of seeing her in better light was intriguing him.

His thoughts were interrupted by series of soulful gasps coming from 
closeby. It sounded like a woman in pain. He stopped for a moment, 
holding his breath. He wondered if he should continue but the question 
was answered by a tightening of Valerie's fingers in his hair. His 
tongue snaked forward again into her soft, warm, liquid depths as he 
heard a distinct female murmur followed by the sound of heavy male 
breathing. God, it was another couple and they were going to fuck right 
next to them. They must have either drunk a lot, or been so fired up 
with each other that they couldn't hear not to have noticed him and 
Valerie in the same room.

"Ooooo, God," he heard in a heavy throated female whisper, barely 
audible even in the almost total silence of the darkened chambers.

"I'm gonna' fuck you until you can't walk straight, baby ..." Bill's 
voice followed in an equally soft murmur.

"Yes, Bill, darling, I want you to ... I want you to fuck me. Fuck me 
good, please!"

Phillip's tongue came to a sudden halt in Valerie's cunt as he heard 
the familiar pleading voice. He couldn't believe his ears at first ... 
but he heard it again ... it was Jessica! That girl downstairs hadn't 
just looked like Jessica, it was Jessica! He was dumb-struck by the 
sound of her voice, the startling revelation that she was there, naked! 
And with another man! It had to be Bill Dodge ... Bill Dodge with his 
girl, and him with Valerie Dodge! Christ, it was too much to even 
comprehend!

He was shocked back into reality by Valerie's pleading shriek above 
him, "... Keep sucking, Phillip darling ... don't stop!"

Her legs jerked out and over his shoulders and her thighs wrapped 
around his head, pulling his face back into her crotch wet and hard. 
His face flushed as he realized she had screamed out his name and now 
Jessica would know. He sucked to keep her from screaming again and 
listened for some sign that she knew he was there and had pushed the 
man away. But there was none ... just the continued rustling of naked 
bodies against the mattress and the wet moist sounds of lips slavering 
out of control across soft bare flesh. Oh God, he hoped she wasn't 
sucking him, but he didn't dare raise his head from Valerie's wildly 
grinding buttocks to find out. She would shriek again and if Jessica 
hadn't heard it last time, she would the next. But anyway, she must 
know that someone was here now. Jesus, how could she do whatever it was 
she was doing, knowing someone else was in the same room and listening? 
And what was she doing here, with a married man old enough to be her 
father? It was different for a girl, girls just don't do things like 
that. At least not girls like Jessica ... or maybe like Jessica used to 
be, he thought sadly, painfully.

He wished he could see them. Was she lying on top of him, straddling 
him with her legs open? Was she completely naked or had she just lifted 
her dress up over her hips, taken in by the liquor and Bill Dodge's 
smooth, honey-dripping line of bull? His tortured mind formed a 
thousand lewd obscene pictures of his darling Jessica lying in the 
darkness across the room, her dress pulled up over her hips and lying 
back on the mattress with her legs spread obscenely open while this 
woman he was sucking's husband plundered her soft, defenseless cunt 
with his hands and mouth, that sweet innocent little pubic cleft he had 
treasured so much. Or was she haunched over him, her head bobbing up 
and down with his thick hard cock shoved into her clean soft mouth. He 
groaned and pushed his face as tight as he could into the warm 
moistness of Dodge's wife's pussy, trying to drive from his mind the 
anguished thoughts.

He had known Bill was here, at least Valerie had said mat he was 
coming, but she hadn't said anything about this! His own sweet Jessica 
being lured into this swingers' set!

God, he was getting turned on beyond belief! Excited from the wet 
sucking noises coming from Bill's hotly licking tongue as he plundered 
me very depths of Jessica's hot steaming pussy. And suddenly, without 
knowing, he forgot it was his own girlfriend there, he forgot it was 
another man bringing cries of pain and pleasure from her lust contorted 
lips. It was just another woman, a hot passion-crazed naked woman 
writhing and twisting in the throes of an act as old as the ages. He 
felt his cock throbbing and aching against the covers below, his 
testicles felt swollen and angry at their neglect and he could feel 
small droplets of cum begin oozing from the tip of his penis wetting 
the mattress beneath where it had rubbed. It jerked when suddenly he 
heard her cries and pleadings for further and further indignities to be 
heaped upon her. He moaned in piteous masochistic torture as Bill Dodge 
followed her screams and rammed his small finger deep into her 
virginally unplundered little asshole.

And she was begging for more! He was sucking her harder and harder!

He heard her murmuring obscene words, words he didn't know she even 
knew, broken and slurred, mixed with the animal mutterings of passion 
from deep in her lungs. She groaned incessantly and he could hear the 
rustling of her naked skin against the bed as it twisted and turned 
beneath Dodge's relentlessly licking tongue. He could picture her with 
her face wildly contorted in abandoned ecstasy, her body bent double 
with the toes of her feet touching the bed up over her shoulders, her 
loins presented up in defenseless virginal surrender to his voraciously 
sucking mouth.

And then, then she loosed an unearthly squeal that was low and sharp 
and sounded as though he were killing her except that Phillip knew only 
too well that wasn't the case. She was at the point of orgasm, brought 
there by another man, and the wet sucking noises coming from Jessica's 
widespread and nakedly open young pussy filled the room as Bill Dodge 
licked and sucked between her thighs faster and faster with his 
tireless lizard-like tongue. God, it was something only he should be 
doing, yet somehow it didn't anger him, it excited him!

He heard her voice gasping, "Aaaaahhhhh ..." trailing off to a small 
almost helpless cry of piteous whimpering as she moaned out her 
completion through desire tortured lips.

Phillip's body was tense, and he sucked harder against Bill's wife's 
open loins trying to no avail to kill the furious aching desire 
building in his cock below as he heard his own nakedly spread 
girlfriend being debauched as she had never been before.

He heard her breathe deeply, a sigh escaping from far down inside her 
still heaving chest. She gave small occasional cries of further 
sensation as her teasing lover nipped for a moment longer at the still 
throbbing bud of her tiny erect clitoris.

There was silence for a moment, broken only by the heavy spent 
breathing coming from the other side.

He listened intently to see if Whey would stop or go on to something 
else as equally perverted and dirty as the act they had just finished. 
His own sucking was forgotten now; his only desire the need to contain 
this restless urge in his loins to leap the distance that separated 
them and rape his girlfriend where she lay. God, he wanted more than 
anything to fuck her now. He wanted to bring the same responses from 
her lips that the older man had, he wanted, needed to show her he could 
do it just as well, maybe better.

There was a rustle of the bedspread and the soft sound of a naked body 
twisting around on it. Soft whispers that he could not make out drifted 
across in the silence. They were moving about for some reason, and 
there was the audible sound of heavy, coarse male breathing becoming 
more and more excited by the second. He was whispering things that 
Phillip could not make out clearly but from their tone alone sounded 
lewd and forbidden. Then suddenly, there was a gasp from Valerie 
Dodge's husband's lips as though he were in sudden pain, his voice 
broke through the stillness like a knife, loud and clear so that 
Phillip could not mistake Heir cruel sadistic significance:

"Ooooh, your mouth is so nice, baby."

Phillip groaned into Valerie's wetly gyrating cunt and clenched his 
eyes tightly shut, wishing to blot out the horrible picture forming in 
his mind of the sweet young Jessica's virginal lips ovaled wide and 
slipping obscenely down over the man's thick, excitedly glistening 
cock. This was the ultimate humiliation, lying here with his face 
pressed tightly between another woman's thighs as his own beautiful 
young innocent girlfriend sucked another, at least Dirty years older 
than she, man right on the next bed.

"Tighten your lips and suck harder," he heard Bill hiss through 
passion-clenched teeth. He jerked his head up, forcing it from 
Valerie's desperately clinging hands and tried to peer through the 
darkness. He could see nothing but his imagination went wild, the low 
dim form of Jessica, probably nude, haunched on all fours over Bill 
Dodge's heavily grinding loins with his cock buried deep in her mouth, 
emerged in his jealousy-crazed mind. She was not fighting it and low 
soft muffled mewls of pleasure drifted across the room from her cock-
stuffed Croat.

"Don't leave me, don't, please, darling!" Valerie shouted, fighting 
desperately with her hands to draw his head back down between her wide-
spread, unsatisfied thighs.

But Phillip twisted away, ignoring her pleas, the wet sucking noises 
Jessica was making with her ovaled lips and the grunts of pleasure 
coming from Bill Dodge's mouth as she labored lewdly over him were too 
much. Forgotten was his anger, his jealousy, his confusion ... he was a 
wild uncontrolled animal now that wanted nothing more than to ram his 
aching tortured cock into that gorgeous long-haired blonde, no matter 
what the cost to both their promising careers. He wanted to punish her 
as she had been punishing him by her obscene submission to the man on 
me next bed.

He rose from the end of me mattress where his legs were hanging over 
the edge and half-stumbled toward the obscene wet sucking noises in me 
darkness. He banged his shin painfully against me corner of the bed but 
ignored it in his frenzy. He Crust his hands out in front of him, 
feeling the air toward the sounds and where he knew me end of the bed 
should be.

There was an abrupt inhale of breath and me sucking noises stopped as 
his hands came into electrifying contact with the softly swaying flesh. 
It stilled for a moment, and then, with what he was sure was a soft 
muffled laugh of triumph, began again. He probed experimentally with 
his fingers, digging them harshly into the smoothly naked skin. He 
found her back bone, the tiny ridges standing out from the humped-over 
position she was kneeling in. He followed it slowly down toward her 
buttocks until he came into warm contact with the crevice of her ass. 
It was hanging right over the end of me bed and swaying high in the 
air, her knees wide apart on the edge of the mattress. He moved around 
directly behind her, running his hands over the smooth white cheeks of 
her softly rippling buttocks. He could feel them quivering under his 
touch from the movement of her head below as she bobbed and twisted her 
face, her lips still locked obscenely around Bill's ever-growing prick.

Phillip gritted his teeth, tiny droplets of sweat beginning to roll 
from his forehead and with his thumbs, he drew the soft flexing crevice 
of her ass wide apart. He ran the middle finger of one hand down the 
entire length of it, feeling it still wet and open from Bill's saliva 
and her own orgasmic fluids that had gushed so wildly from it moments 
before. He thrust his finger into her cunt, feeling her jerk slightly 
forward from the sudden invasion. A deeper mewl came from her throat 
but she didn't let up with her sucking of the older man's cock for an 
instant.

Damn, she's burning up, Phillip thought, amazed at her newly-found 
passion, his already aching penis throbbing again in anticipation of 
ramming it between those beautifully shaped mounds of her ass. Again, 
the lewd thought of fucking her this way, from behind while another man 
fucked into her mouth, overcame all his shame and humiliation from her 
wanton submission to Valerie's husband. Pushed aside for now were his 
fears his puzzled anguished thoughts about her virginity ... had she 
been lying to him all along? Was it all some cruel joke, and she was 
letting other men fuck her the whole time?

He slipped his hand from her cunt and with an outward pressure of his 
thumbs spread me full rounded moons wide apart as he leaned forward. 
His prick made a sharp, electrical-like contact with the soft sparse 
pubic hair covering the slim folds of tender young flesh which enfolded 
her vagina. He gasped aloud as he felt her hand reach back! Reach back 
under her body, her fingers fondly grasping his desire-thickened shaft. 
She moved it up and down for a moment, parting me softness of her 
sparse blonde pubic hair and men guided it gently forward. He let his 
hips move to the slight tug until, with a sudden groan that began deep 
in his chest, the warm moist flesh of her vagina popped teasingly over 
the head of his cock like a tight fitting glove. He could feel the 
softness of the curly soft lining of pubic hair brushing teasingly 
around where it entered her.

Phillip could hold back no longer ... he threw back his head and rammed 
forward, not knowing what to expect from Jessica not knowing or caring 
any longer whether he would meet a virginal wall of flesh, or the 
hungrily sucking cavern of a dirty little street whore. His great cock 
flooded into his kneeling sweetheart like a tide, tearing and bursting 
everything in its path, deeper and deeper until his loins smacked hard 
against her upturned ass. He could feel the white soft cheeks flattened 
outward from the wide-split anal crevice towards her hips from the 
pressure he was exerting on her backside. He convulsively reached 
forward, clasping his hands tightly around her narrow waist where it 
flared into her trim girlish hips and held her tight so that she could 
not escape his ravishing thrusts. His fears were fulfilled soon enough 
as his long thick cock slithered easily into the tight confines of her 
well-lubricated pussy sheath, but there was no time for thinking of 
that now ... her virginity was not in question, only her ability to 
satisfy two men fucking her at the same time, to fulfill her role in 
the universe by answering their needs, emptying their loins of the 
painfully building sperm and giving them the pleasure that followed.

A low muffled moan came from her lips, distorted in sound by the huge 
thick cock throbbing deep in her throat and she tried to squirm forward 
to escape me deep and sudden impalement of her widely spread young 
pussy. But there was no escape, she held like in the jaws of a vise, 
skewered helplessly between Bill Dodge's cock buried deep in her throat 
and that of her boyfriend grinding deep into her upraised vagina from 
the rear.

Valerie's husband lying beneath her, held her head trapped tightly 
between his hands, his legs splayed out wide on either side of her 
knees. He thrust his cock mercilessly into her mouth. At the other end, 
Phillip surged into her with long deeply punishing strokes into the wet 
throbbing slit between her buttocks which hollowed and shook beneath 
his hands as though she were being beaten with chains.

The older man's hand suddenly clenched above his head from the 
involuntary spasms building in his body, and in his frenzied ecstasy, 
his elbow bumped the bedside light switch, bathing the whole scene in 
light, freezing the moment forever in a lurid tableau of wanton 
lasciviousness.

But no one cared ... they were all too far gone to notice such a minor 
development.

Phillip swung his head from side to side as he rammed his cock deeper 
and deeper from behind into Jessica's stretched and heavily filled 
young cunt, and suddenly he could catch a side view of this lewd scene 
in the mirror that ran alongside the bed. He groaned in anger and 
frustration as the obscene picture of his own supposedly virginal young 
girlfriend, the girl he was going to marry, being fucked like a whore 
between two of them in this subservient kneeling position she was in 
came clearly to his eyes. He could see Bill Dodge's huge thick rod 
disappearing and re-appearing between her hungrily sucking lips, her 
long disheveled blonde hair flowing down over her head to lie in a soft 
pool on his rounded, hair-covered belly. Her firm, white tits danced 
and shook below her heaving chest as Cough they had strings attached to 
the nipples and were being tugged and pulled from above.

On the other side of the immense bedroom, he could see Dodge's helpless 
wife, Valerie, watching them with her eyes opened wide and smoky from 
the effect the salacious sight was having one her. Her legs were drawn 
up in a crab-like position with three fingers of one hand thrust far 
down into her wetly-spread cunt. Her other hand massaged her own 
breasts in wild circular motions as she worked vicariously in time to 
the cruel buffeting of Jessica's naked young body impaled between her 
young lover and her husband.

He wanted to cry, scream, anything ... anything to pull his future 
young bride's suddenly insatiable craving body from between them but he 
couldn't. His prick ached and throbbed inside her now voraciously 
clasping pussy and he couldn't bear to pull it from the soft tight 
moistness. Instead, he watched, hypnotized, in the mirror as the tempo 
increased by the second.

He began unconsciously following the rhythm Valerie's husband was 
setting with his merciless fucking in and out of her mouth. Wilder and 
wilder the two of them became, punishing Jessica mercilessly between 
them. Their thick hoarse groans intermingled now with Jessica's muffled 
and muted cries from around the fleshy rod stuffing the cavern of her 
mouth. She lolled limply between them, allowing herself to be used as 
they would, following their beat in the swirling of her tongue around 
Bill's almost exploding cock. And then suddenly ...

A half-human scream erupted from Bill Dodge's throat and he locked his 
hands around the back of Jessica's rhythmically bobbing head, drawing 
it deep down on his hotly pulsing rigidity until all Phillip could see 
left of his cock was a small bit at the base protruding wet and 
glistening from her wildly sucking lips. He watched in horrified awe as 
her throat tightened and untightened, swallowing in great desperate 
gulps the hotly erupting cum the older man was spewing up into her 
mouth. Her cheeks bloated and hollowed as the warm, working cavern of 
her throat filled and emptied, filled and emptied, as she desperately 
swallowed to rid it of the flooding white sperm pulsating into it. 
Christ, he thought to himself, the man's balls must be filled with cum!

At the same time, he could feel a gush of warmth around his own cock 
inside her still-pulsating vagina and her own hotly exploding orgasmic 
juices began to flow out from around the edges of his deeply imbedded 
cock and down into the softness of his noisily smacking testicles.

She was cumming too now, and like a dying banshee, groaned out her 
release as she continued her now uncontrolled sucking and nibbling on 
Valerie Dodge's husband's slowly deflating prick. Phillip clenched his 
eyes tightly shut and felt his own testicles begin to wildly erupt up 
inside her hotly clenching young cunt walls. His hot sperm spurted like 
a firehose through the end of his still hard driving cock and squirted 
wildly far up into Jessica's palpitating vagina. In spite of the 
excitement an obscene thought of his lewdly gushing sperm mixing with 
that of a stranger deep up inside his future bride's greedily absorbing 
belly sent chills of revulsion creeping through him. For a moment, he 
hated her again and fucked his cock as deep as it would go up into her 
as it spewed out its lewd load, he ground his pelvis around and dug the 
head deeper and deeper, battering the smooth wet walls of her pussy 
without mercy. She whimpered, her own orgasm nearing its end and tried 
to jerk forward to dislodge him from her now satiated young cunt but he 
held her smoothly trembling buttock cheeks back against his loins now 
for a further moment, looking down on the back of her head as she 
suddenly turned to the side. Dodge's thick, deflating prick slipped 
from her mouth and he could see thin, sticky white strings of his sperm 
still connecting her face to it even though it was now several inches 
away from her lips. Her breathing was heavy and wet as though her mouth 
and nose were completely covered with moisture. She groaned and flopped 
her head sideways to his belly, her body limp like a rag-dolls, held in 
place against Phillip's loins only by the pressure of his hands at the 
juncture of her widespread thighs. He strained forward and emptied the 
last of his cum deep up inside her unresisting belly and then released 
his hands as he felt his own prick begin deflating inside the wetly 
flooded grip of her cunt. She slithered forward and lay still across 
the older man's loins and chest, her own legs still wide apart. He 
caught a last view of her wide stretched vagina between her open legs 
before he fell to the side of the bed where Valerie had moved and was 
working herself with her own fingers into a frenzy. He had barely hit 
the mattress when she engulfed him in her arms and began pleading, "Me, 
now me, darling!"

He could see Jessica, her face still lying against Bill Dodge's calmed 
belly, smiling over at him across the room, thin white droplets of his 
sperm still visible around her lips. Her victory was complete; she had 
hurt him deeply, exacted her revenge ... and proved herself as a woman.

There were other things that night, crazy, erotic, wild things with all 
of them on the same bed together, things he'd never dreamed of, with 
Valerie and Bill Dodge directing them like concerned tutors. After a 
while, there were more drinks, and the night faded into a blur of lust-
hardened cocks and passion-moistened pussies, breasts and gasping 
orgasms. And why not, he asked himself, why shouldn't he and his future 
young wife, Jessica, let themselves go totally?

It was obvious to the two of them that their lives would never be the 
same again anyway.



Chapter 9


Mrs. Jessica Wright dumped her tired body into the decorator-designed 
barrel-based leather chair at the closest corner of the plush loft-type 
apartment, kicked her shoes off onto the Persian carpet that stretched 
across the huge room and panted to regain her breath. It was nearly ten 
o'clock, and she had been on her feet, mostly in front of banks of 
bright lights and flashing strobes since nine this morning. But she 
wasn't really tired; physically a little worn out, but that would pass. 
What counted was inside and there she felt nothing but contentment and 
happiness at her new life. Across the room, a half dozen of her more 
recent magazine covers, blown up into enormous proportions by some of 
the guys down at Dodge Company, dominated the room. The stereo system 
was blaring at peak capacity, and she knew what that meant ... her 
husband Phillip, was working. He was the only commercial artist she 
knew who insisted on ear-splitting decibels before he could settle down 
to work.

She tried to recall what it was he'd said this morning he was working 
on now. The Ford campaign? No, it seems it was food of some sort ... 
maybe I should go ask him, just to let him know I'm home.

But there was no need, for Phillip had spotted her from his crow's nest 
work area, perched on the top half of the two-story main room in a sort 
of shelf-like corner, accessible by a pull-down set of ordinary attic 
stairs. "Hi, honey ... how was the shooting?"

She turned quickly, startled at hearing another voice. "Oh, you're not 
working!" she shouted over the din. "I was just thinking of coming up 
to say hello, but l didn't want to bother you!" 

"Sorry, I can't hear you!"

"Turn down the stereo then, silly!" She waited for Phillip to disappear 
through me doorway into his private little world, then descend the 
stairs to the main room below. His shirt was streaked with acrylics and 
tempura from me day's work, though sometimes she wondered if he just 
doused himself with colors to look busy. Not likely, though, not for 
the man who'd just won the Art Director's Soho showing.

"Hi, that better," he said softly right in her ear this time.

"Mmmmmm ... much better," she purred as his hands coursed over her 
knotted shoulders. "You can do that all you like."

Phillip's fingers sneaked playfully down the ridge of her spine, 
rubbing the tiny bony protuberances as he crept toward the soft cleft 
of her buttocks.

"Not there, baby ... the knots are in my shoulders," she said with mock 
seriousness.

"Just wanted to get you in the mood, that's all."

Her ears perked up like a dog's on the trail of game. "Mood? Mood for 
what ... Did Valerie call?"

Phillip just went on rubbing her back and shoulders, a sheepish grin on 
his face.

"Well, did she? Tell me, c'mon, tell me!" she shrieked excitedly.

"Yes, she called ... and there's a party at the Leonard Melcher's 
tomorrow night. We're to be there at eight."

Jessica fell back into the depths of the thickly padded chair, her eyes 
clenched shut and a big smile on her lips. "Wow, I can hardly wait! Is 
Luke going to be there?" She fondly remembered her few minutes of 
conversation with the Dodge Company's newest producer, a tall, dark-
haired man with a build on him like Tarzan.

"Yeah, and his wife, too ... you remember, the talk-show commentator, 
Nancy Dramar?"

She did remember ... and for a fleeting second, felt a twinge of 
jealousy as she thought of me voluptuous child-star turned television 
hostess with that luxurian redhair of hers ... and mat body! Jesus, 
what an enormous pair of breasts that woman had!

Phillip's hands were around her waist now, then smoothly along the 
sides of her trim thighs and back up under the bottom of her minidress. 
She purred like a kitten being stroked as his fingers kneaded the 
tender soft flesh of her inner thighs, then snaked under me elastic of 
her panties, tenderly caressing the warm moist folds of her pussy.

"Mmmmmm ... I guess I can work you in for one little quickie," she 
teased. "But darling ... don't wear me out. I want to be in fine shape 
for tomorrow. Luke has a new series coming up for the fall ... and who 
knows, maybe he might just be interested in little old me for a part in 
it!"


The End




Three Sucking Daughters by Dan Reagan


Chapter 1


"Mom would sure shit if she knew we were playing with our pussies," Eva 
Ward giggled.

Sally Ward, their mother, felt a shock run down her body to her clit. 
She had left the house, saying she was going to the store, but she had 
forgotten her grocery list.

Sally had no idea that her sexy young daughters had started playing 
stinky finger. The three girls were so very young, Eva thirteen, Fay 
eleven, and little Jan only nine. Eva was the only one that even had 
hair on her pussy.

The door was not quite closed, and Sally crept up to the crack and 
peered through. Her worst suspicions were realized. Another shock raced 
down to her cunt. Her husband Dan had not been giving her much prick 
lately, and she was horny, too. Her clit stiffened.

Her pretty daughters sat in a circle on Eva's bed, slim young thighs 
opened wide. Their thin nighties displayed their bodies provocatively. 
Their cute pointy tits were out of their nightie tops, and each girl 
had her left hand on her tits. Their right hands were fastened to their 
cunts.

For being sisters the girls did not look much alike. Only their facial 
features were similar. Sally was dark headed and Dan was blond, and the 
daughters had hair color that varied. Eva's tresses were almost as dark 
as Sally's. Fay had in-between hair, partly blonde, and Jan was the 
real blonde.

"This is fun, doing our pussy thing together," Fay said.

"Yes, I want to see you girls cum," Jan giggled.

"Cumming is where it's at," Fay chirped, her hand moving faster on her 
uptilted pussy. "Mom'll be gone a long time, so we can cum a lot of 
times."

Sally shuddered, her cunt juice wetting the crotch of her panties.

Sally and Dan were strict with their growing daughters. They couldn't 
go out at night, and they couldn't date.

Where did they learn to talk like whores? Sally wondered. Her girls 
were smart--all three drew good grades, they didn't goof off with the 
books. They swam in the family pool, had girl friends over, went to 
afternoon movies. They had seemed like normal teenagers.

And here they were, sprawled out on Eva's bed, watching each other play 
with cunts and tits. Awful. Sally had to stop it somehow. She would not 
interrupt them, though.

Sally knew that when it was over she would have to jerk her own cunt 
till she had relief. Dan hadn't fucked her in two weeks. Sally was 
healthy, red-blooded, and very attractive. She had fine, thrusting 
tits, long legs, a rounded ass and a face that most women in town 
really envied. Sally did not look old enough to have three girls old 
enough to start cunt play.

But here they were, giggling and enjoying their pretty young bodies. 
Sally could see Eva's cunt the best.

Eva's dainty cunt was all moist, the cunt lips swollen out, her little 
pink clit sticking up at the top of her pussy crevice. Now and then Eva 
gave her clit a careful fondling. Sally couldn't see the younger girl's 
cunts, but apparently they were doing what Eva was doing. Eva, being 
the oldest, was the natural leader of the trio, she was bolder and 
talked more.

"Let's have our cum, Eva," Jan giggled. "My little cock really aches."

"Mine does too," Fay said.

"Yes, my cunt is ready," Eva giggled. "Let's try to make it all 
together, huh? But don't jab your fingers in too deep don't want to 
tear your cherries."

"Oh, no," Jan tittered. "I want mine busted with a big hot prick. And 
you know what? I wish Dad would tear it."

Sally felt a wave of dizziness. Good God. These young foxes wanted 
their own father to fuck them. It was obscene. Where did they get such 
terrible ideas?

"He's real sexy, and he won't talk to anybody," Eva said. "He's had his 
wires clipped, can't knock us up. He can pour his spunk right up in our 
cunts."

"I've seen Dad looking at us," Jan said. "He wants to fuck us, all 
right." All three girls giggled.

"He ought to fuck Mom more, though," Eva said. "I haven't heard them 
getting any ass for a long time."

"Guys get tired of the same cunt." Fay giggled. "Mom is good looking."

"I bet she plays with her cunt," Jan said. "We should tell Dad he ought 
to fuck her at least twice a week."

"They used to fuck a lot, when we were younger," Eva said. "Sometimes I 
thought the bed was gonna break down."

"That was fun, hearing them," Fay giggled.

"It made my clit stand up," Jan laughed. "I wonder how big Dad's prick 
is, when it's hard."

"It sure looks big in his pants and shorts," Eva said.

We all notice that," Fay giggled. "You know, Mom has about six or seven 
cums before he goes off."

"He sure knows how to fuck, that's for sure," Jan said.

Sally gripped the door casing, her cunt streaming juice into her 
panties. Those young, pretty sluts knew everything that went on in the 
house.

Yes, Dan knew how to fuck. He was an expert in the sack. He made good 
money in his insurance business downtown.

Sally had enjoyed some cunt-rubbing in her earlier teen years, but 
nothing since then. She loved cock, lots of pumping, spurting prick. 
Dan's prick. Now and then a sexy girl did appeal to her.

But to think that she could actually touch her daughters and slip a 
finger up their cunts, kiss them and fondle their budding tits--that 
was forbidden. And Dan had better not touch their pretty daughters, 
either.

This was Friday, Dan would want a few drinks before dinner, and 
hopefully a few tit and ass feels. And later on, a good, robust fuck.

"Oh, I'm gonna cum!" Jan exclaimed, her right hand moving faster on her 
uptilted cunt.

"Me, too," Fay giggled.

Sally stared at Eva's turned on cunt, watching Eva tease a finger 
around her stiff, pink clit. Eva's face was flushed, her tits sharp and 
stiff. The nipples looked very long and sexy.

"Come, Jan," Eva breathed, jiggling her palm on her cunt. "You cum too, 
Fay. Here comes my funnnn!"

"Ohhhh, ohhhhh!" Eva whined, her hand a blur on her wet cunt. "My 
cunt's cumming. Uhhhhh--ohhhh--fuuuuck!"

Sally almost gasped. Her right hand shot down to her crotch, she 
gripped her cunt mound. She wore dressy pants and a flowery blouse, 
very thin bikini panties. Cunt juice was already soaking through onto 
her pants. She couldn't go shopping this way.

Whimpers of delight came from her daughters as they hunched and jiggled 
the bed with their whipping fingers.

Those dirty little cunts, Sally thought, rubbing her own covered cunt. 
I wonder how often they do this.

The three girls finished their cum fun and giggled, looking from one 
wet pussy to another.

"Damn good," Jan giggled. "Now let's have another cum apiece."

"Sounds nice," Fay said. "When're we gonna quit this kid stuff and 
fuck?"

Jan looked at Eva. "We'd have to take turns," Jan giggled.

"Well, the girl left over could always play with her cunt, like we're 
doing now," Fay said.

"Okay," Eva laughed. "Which two of us fuck?" Sally couldn't take much 
more of this. Her cunt ached, her tits itched, and her legs felt 
wobbly.

"I'll fuck you, Jan," Eva giggled. "Fay, you can play with your cunt 
and watch."

"Hell, it was my idea." Fay protested.

"We'll fuck plenty after today," Eva giggled. "Stretch you ass out, 
Jan. I'm gonna fuck you good."

"Oh, yes," Jan giggled, lifting her nightie over her head. She rested 
on her back, pretty long thighs open wide, her puffy cunt arched 
upward.

Sally wanted to tear herself away from the partly opened door, but she 
couldn't. She had to watch Eva fuck Jan. Sally's belly churned with 
lust, her cunt oozed more juice. She stroked at her fingers, blades of 
excitement shooting through her crotch.

"Oh, this is good," Jan giggled, pushing her tits up at her sister Eva. 
"The only trouble is you don't have a cock."

"Shit, I know that," Eva breathed, her cute ass flexing.

Fay watched, her hand returning to her pussy, her other hand fondling 
her pretty, swollen tits.

"Can you cum that way?" Fay asked.

"I'm gonna fuck Jan till we cum," Eva muttered. "Even if it takes all 
afternoon."

Sally quickened her hand movements. Maybe she wouldn't have to be 
naked, after all. She liked to be sitting flat on her ass when she had 
her goodies, but a stand-up cum would be better than not cumming at 
all.

Sometimes she had fun with herself when she was driving the family car. 
One hand on the steering wheel, the other inside her shorts and panties 
on her itchy cunt.

This was different. She was watching her young daughters play with 
their cunts and fuck. Sally didn't see how she could hold back her 
passion much longer.

Surges of throbbing lust raged inside Sally's belly, her tits felt 
ready to poke holes in her blouse. Her cunt mouth was twitching, oozing 
more fuck sap.

"Oh, fuck me harder, Eva!" Jan whined. "I can feel your clit. It's so 
damn good!"

"I'll fuck your little cunt till you yell." Eva panted, her ass working 
faster. Sally could see the cute pink rosette of Eva's asshole, the 
muscles flexing. What a pretty sight.

"Fuck her, fuck her!" Fay cried, her hand whipping her own cunt.

Those rotten young cunts. Was there no end to their sex-talk? It 
excited Sally, though.

"Ohhh!" Jan cried, her long legs quivering. "I'm fucking well going to 
cum! Hit me hard, Sis. Fuck that little hot cunt of yours right into my 
cunt!"

Sally moaned quietly. Her hand jiggled on her cunt curve. Her crotch 
was wet, cunt juice going through her panties and pants. The palm of 
her hand was slick with pre-cum juices.

Her legs quivered again, she could hardly stand upright. The fierce 
ache in her cunt and clit was too damn much. Just as Jan let out a 
squeal of delight, Sally felt her own cunt start cumming. She boxed her 
crotch swiftly.

"Uhhh, fuuuuuuck!" Jan cried. "I'm getting my cum!"

"My cunt's cumming, too!" Fay bleated, her right hand whipping her 
swollen pussy. Her ass jiggled.

"Shit, fuck, I'm cumming!" Eva gasped, her cute ass a blur of movement.

Sally felt the searing delight of her cum shooting up her shaky legs.

The pulses leaped from her tensing clit, and her tits felt ready to 
explode. Her hips jerked back and forth like she was fucking a prick, 
and she clamped her jaw to keep from shouting.

The room in front of her blurred. All she could see was frantic, dim 
movements on the bed as her three sexy daughters went off all together.

Panting, Sally leaned on the door casing, watching her daughters finish 
their fuck and finger fun. How lovely they looked. Long pretty hair 
around their shoulders, their cute budding tits, their smooth, rounded 
asses. They were as pretty in the face as movie starlets, and they had 
minds like whores.

"Oh, boy, that was good!" Fay giggled, still clutching her cunt.

"It sure is fun, feeling a pussy cum." Eva tittered. She lifted up from 
Jan and settled on her back, her long, smooth thighs sprawled wide 
open, her puffy little hairless cunt exposed.

Sally felt her tongue turn hard. She wanted to eat that cute, swollen, 
dainty cunt. She wanted to eat Jan and Eva, too. Oh, but she couldn't, 
that would be terribly wrong. There had to be some decency in the 
family, somehow.

Wiping her wet hand on her pants, Sally shuddered, her eyes still glued 
to the picture of her three precious daughters, side by side now, on 
their backs, cunts all puffy and shiny with cunt juice.

"Jesus, we gotta do this again." Eva giggled, reaching over to press 
her fingers into Fay's cunt. Fay was lying at Eva's left.

"It's my turn for a fuck, Sis." Eva smiled, spreading her pretty, long 
legs. "Which one of you two hot cunts is going to rub your cunt on 
mine?"

"Oh, let me!" Jan exclaimed.

"Well, bring it over here and fuck me, Blondie." Fay giggled.

Sally shivered with lust. If I was in there with them we could all pair 
off and fuck, she thought. "God, what kind of animal am I?"

Sally didn't want her sexy girls out fucking young boys. They were too 
damn young. Would their father actually run his prick in them? All 
three girls needed cock in the worst way.

Sally had been true to Dan, so far. He was the only man she had ever 
fucked. He had plucked her dainty cherry, he had given her plenty of 
loving and fucking. But he had never eaten her cunt. She had never 
sucked his prick. He had given her three pretty daughters and from then 
on the fucking had diminished. Maybe her cunt was too loose. He had 
never said anything. He made her cum five or six big times when he got 
going.

Then, when he busted his balls and spurted spunk up in her twitching 
cunt, she always had another cum. Oh, how she loved his prick. Many a 
time she'd wanted to hold his cock in her eager fingers and slide his 
prick up her mouth, but after he went off he lost interest, his cock 
shriveled.

They always fucked at night, with just a dim light in the corner of the 
bedroom. One of her women friends said her husband often fucked her in 
different places, maybe in broad daylight. She said she liked to watch 
his prick go in. The woman had also said she wore sexy undies around 
during the day. Her husband could get away from work at any time, and 
they often had "nooners", or "afternooners".

I'm going to be sexier for Dan, Sally thought, shivering, her right 
hand back on her cunt mound.

Jan was crawling over between Fay's long legs. They began kissing, and, 
as their cunts met juicily, Sally could see their tongues sliding and 
poking.

Eva sat on her ass, away from her sisters, and started fondling her 
cunt and tits, smiling as Jan started her girl fuck. Now Sally could 
see Jan's cute ass, the delicate crevice, the pink little asshole, all 
puckered and twitching as she fucked.

"You like cunt fucking, Fay?" Eva giggled.

"Jan can really fuck!" Fay breathed. "I can feel her clit."

"I can feel yours, too," Jan giggled, fucking faster.

"We gotta do this a lot, kids!" Fay exclaimed. "Come on, Jan! Make my 
cunt cum!"

Sally was almost beyond being shocked by her daughters. What filthy 
mouths they had. The talk excited Sally just the way it excited her 
sexy daughters. Maybe some fuck words would give Dan a big hard-on.

As Jan continued to grind her cunt into Fay's cunt, Sally gripped her 
covered cunt with new purpose. She had to have her goodies again. Going 
without cock for so long was just murder. Sleeping with Dan, smelling 
the spicy aroma from his balls and body, night after night, had been 
hard on her.

If he came home right now, I'd rush him in the bedroom and get him hard 
and top-fuck him like crazy, Sally thought, rubbing her hand on her 
pants and panty-clad cunt.

Dan did let her top-fuck once in a while, which she loved. He could 
hold his spunk longer that way, but he acted like her being on top, 
fucking him was a kind of put-down. He wanted to be in charge of a 
fuck.

"Ohhh, my cunt's cumming!" Fay whimpered, her long legs shaking.

"My cunt's ready to go off, too!" Jan gasped, her cute butt working 
faster. "Damn, that's good pussy!"

Eva leaned over and fit her hand on Jan's bobbing ass. As Sally 
watched, her own cunt ready to cum, she almost gasped. Eva was tickling 
Jan's asshole.

"Oh, fuck your finger in my ass!" Jan cried, still fucking away at 
Fay's uptilted cunt.

Eva transferred her left hand to her own cunt, and continued to play 
around with Jan's sweet pink asshole. Every time Jan fucked the tip of 
Eva's finger struck the ring of pink asshole flesh.

"Get your finger in my ass, Sis!" Jan bleated. "I'm cumming again!"

Eva continued to finger-fuck her own cunt and just as Jan went into her 
short cum strokes, Eva shoved her longest finger into Jan's pretty, 
tight asshole. Even as fast as Jan fucked, Eva was able to keep her 
finger up her sister's asshole.

"Cum, you blonde cunt!" Eva urged. "You cum too, Fay."

Sally felt on the edge of fainting. She had never heard such filth or 
seen such lewdness. Her young daughters were dirty rotten bitches.

Mingled cries of girlish delight rang in Sally's ears. The swift 
movement of Jan's ass, with Eva's finger still poked in her cute little 
asshole, shot more shudders down to Sally's stinging, burning cunt. Fay 
was cumming. Eva was cumming, and now Jan yelled fiercely as she went 
off.

Sally staggered away from the partly open bedroom door. She lurched 
down the upstairs hallway, to the master bedroom, closed the door and 
locked it. She rushed out of her clothes, kicked her heels aside and 
sprawled on the bed, her right hand flying to her cunt, her left hand 
reaching for her bulging tits.

She ran her longest finger into her twitching cunt, pressed her thumb 
into her tensing, flaming clit and jiggled her hand for her cum.

She shouted and bucked her ass as the twinges tightened in her cunt 
mouth. Her tits were melon-hard, her dark nipples peaked high. Her clit 
pulsed, her cunt sucked and clamped like she had a prick in there, and 
she cried out again.

Oh, I really love rutty fuck talk, she thought, cumming hard and fast. 
I haven't had such a good cum in months. I'm still cumming, I'm into a 
multiple. Fuck, fuck, cunt, prick and asshole. Just wait till Dan comes 
home. I'll fuck him till he can't get his prick up any more.



Chapter 2


Sally watched Dan wheel his car up into the double driveway, and her 
heart pounded, her clit ached. She wore her tiniest string bikini, 
high-heeled beach sandals. After her furious cums while watching her 
sexy daughters, Sally had taken a shower and made herself as fresh and 
perfumed as possible.

She had sent the girls downtown to the village pizza parlor. She wanted 
to have Dan all to herself for an hour or two.

Sally hadn't told the girls she had peeked in on them. She had to think 
about that. Those dirty-mouthed young daredevils had to be disciplined 
somehow. Bitches.

Dan came striding in the door, his coat and tie already off, and he saw 
Sally, posing with her tits arched out and her legs opened 
provocatively.

"Damn!" he muttered, dropping his briefcase.

"I was thinking about a dip in the pool before dinner." she giggled. 
"But I can think of something more interesting to do. The girls are 
downtown, we have the house al to ourselves."

God, how handsome and sexy Dan was. Six feet, blonde and athletic, wide 
shoulders and narrow hips.

"Why, you fox you." Dan grinned, catching her around the naked waist. 
"What's come over you, Sally!"

She held her lips to his ear and whispered. "I need a fuck, honey. I 
want your nice big cock in my cunt."

He hugged her and laughed. "What a change in you, Sally. You want it 
here or in bed?"

"Oh, we have sex in bed all the time, when we do have it." Sally 
giggled, pushing her bikini-covered cunt at his crotch. "Why don't we 
fuck on the sofa, honey?"

"I didn't think you knew the words fuck and cock and cunt, baby," he 
chuckled.

"Oh, every nice girl knows the words, Dan. Most of them are too 
inhibited to say them. But I learned something today. I won't tell you 
where or how, but it had nothing to do with another man."

"One of your women friends, probably." he chuckled, digging his fingers 
into her ass.

She started unbuttoning his shirt, caressing his warm, firm chest, the 
curly blonde hair.

"Oh, Dan, kiss me and play with my tits, please!" She breathed.

He trembled, drawing her over to the large sofa. They had never even 
necked on the big expensive piece of furniture.

Sitting her down at his left, he got his left arm around her naked 
waist, and his right hand lifted to her bikini halter. His mouth came 
down on her eager lips, and he untied the ribbon that held the halves 
of her bikini halter together.

She shuddered with lust. All she had to do was be exciting, be 
different and be daring. A few fuck words never hurt anybody. They 
turned her on, too.

Her nipple swelled out into stinging peaks, her clit felt inches long, 
her cunt was wet with pre-cum juices. As his tongue stroked in her 
hungry mouth, she reached over and unzipped his pants. He kissed her 
harder, played his fingers across her tits with more enthusiasm.

She reached inside his pants and shorts and touched his thick, 
expanding prick. Carefully she pulled his big ten-inch prick out of his 
opened pants. It was so beautiful, so thick and sexy. She saw his cock 
so seldom, and then just in the dim bedroom light.

"Ughhhhh," he muttered into her hungry mouth. Then his lips broke free 
and his wide grin told her how much he liked this. "Damn, Sally, you 
sure are horny today."

"I've been horny for days and days, honey." she giggled. "I decided I'd 
be bold, and get some of this wonderful big cock, right up in my 
twitchy wet cunt!"

He laughed. "You vixen, I'll fuck you till you can't say fuck any more. 
I'll make you cum a dozen times."

"Come on, stud, get this big prick up in my cunt." she breathed.

"Hell, I'm gonna tease you for a while, fox." he chuckled. His play 
finger went juicily into her cunt, his thumb pressed her clit.

She arched her crotch upward, squeezed his cock, and she felt her cunt 
twitch around his invading finger. When she was real hot, her cunt 
tightened on Dan's cock, even when she wasn't going off.

She could feel Dan's pleasure, his surprise at her hungry, bold 
responses. Having sex at five-thirty in the afternoon, on the sofa, the 
front door not even locked--the risk made it all the more provocative.

"Well, tease me and make me cum, honey!" Sally bubbled, spreading her 
long thighs, tipping her crotch upward. "I adore your nice big cock, 
honey! Its the sexiest prick in town! You know I never did this, but 
sometime I want to suck it!"

He trembled. "You sure are more exciting, Sally. I'd sure like to know 
who gave you the idea."

"Oh, you'll find out one of these days!" she giggled. She had some 
daring ideas she almost hated to admit to herself.

"Good!" he said, fucking his finger in her uptilted cunt. His head 
lowered to her swollen, itchy tits, and when he kissed her tit peaks 
and circled a nipple with his tongue, she felt the first honeyed surges 
of her cum.

"Ohhh, Dan!" she breathed. "Ohhhh, it's coming, honey! Finger-fuck my 
cunt! Suck my tits! Oh, Jesus, that's good! Ohhh, fuck, shit! Ohhhhh, 
I'm cumming all over the place! Uhhhhh!"

She knew her outburst excited him. His huge cock flexed in her eager 
fingers. Her cum tore through her aching cunt and hips and belly.

A strange new urge was building inside her, too. Seeing the cute pink 
pucker of Jan's asshole had reminded her of the impulse, although she 
had felt it recently when she had played with her cunt. She wanted to 
try a finger, or Dan's prick, up her own asshole. It might be dirty, 
but she wanted it, anyway.

"That sweet pussy of yours really tightens, Sally."

"Isn't that what men like?" she giggled.

"Yeah!" He grinned, still kissing and nuzzling her tits. "I got a real 
big hard-on. You want to lap fuck it?"

"Oh, yes!" she giggled. "I need prick, honey! I need your fine, big hot 
prick!"

He chuckled. "What if somebody comes in the front door?"

"They'll see a big blonde stud fucking his brunette wife," she cooed. 
"Except that I'll be fucking you!"

They both laughed. Oh, this is almost the way it was years ago, before 
the girls were born, she thought. We're having sex fun again. I know 
men get tired of the same cunt, but not if a hot wife uses her 
imagination.

He let go of her, stood up and removed his clothes. She tossed her 
bikini halter aside, removed her pussy-juice-soaked bikini pants, and, 
as he sat of the sofa again, she crawled up across his knees, her 
black-bushed cunt aimed right at him.

"Do you like the new me, Dan?" Sally cooed.

"Damn right, Sally!" he grinned. His cock hadn't been this big and hard 
in years.

She placed his hands on her shoulders, staring down at his huge, long 
prick, shivering with new lust. More clear juice bubbled from his piss 
hole, the aroma of his balls inflamed her senses, She slid her ass 
along his legs, her cunt nestled at the root of his cock, her cunt lips 
burning into his cockmeat. She arched her tits at him, giggling.

His big, capable hands gripped her ass, stroking and playing. She had a 
beautiful ass to go with her long, tapered legs. She exercised and swam 
in the pool to keep trim and fit.

Why did men go to whores or call girls? New cunt and some sexy 
conversation. Sally didn't have a new cunt for him, but there were 
three fresh young virgins who wanted to feel his prick.

She hadn't worked out a plan yet. She was selfish enough to get all the 
fucking she could in her new role as the dirty-talking, daylight-
fucking wife. If the newness wore off soon, she would bring her sexy 
daughters in on the family fuck show.

Could she really do it? She trembled with lewd anticipation. Those 
rotten young little bitches would be getting prick away from home if 
she, Sally, didn't balm their cunts with some hot cock at home. She 
fucked her cunt at the root of his prick and waved her tits at him. It 
was so exciting to be lap-fucking in broad daylight. Her cunt was 
drooling more juice on his prick and hairy balls. He caught another 
nipple in his sucking lips, and she curved her beautiful, high, hard 
tits away out there.

"I wish you could fuck my tits, honey," she breathed. "You make then 
feel almost as hot as my cunt!"

"Ummmmm." he muttered, still sucking her tender stiff tit peak, his 
hands digging at her ass-flesh.

"Honey, would you tickle my asshole, please?" she whispered. Her 
interest in assholes had started when she had watched her beautiful 
young girls rubbing cunts and playing stinky finger.

He shivered. His prick tensed. He liked the idea, he really did. He let 
go of one tit. A finger toyed around her ass, sending thrills all 
through her hips and cunt.

"You're sure full of surprises, Sally." he chuckled. "You been reading 
sex instruction books?"

"I talked with one of my women friends." Sally lied easily. Her own 
horny young daughters had suggested the idea.

"Well, it's a hell of a kick." he chuckled, his finger teasing around 
the tight ring of her ass.

Her clit, pressed tightly to his cockshaft, tensed dramatically. 
Strings of delight chased through her whole body. She fucked her cunt 
at his flexing prick, and her cunt lips oozed more pussy juice out onto 
his cockmeat.

"Push your finger up my ass, honey!" she whispered. "Shove it way up in 
there. I'm gonna have another cum!"

Then he did something she hadn't thought about. He brought his right 
hand down between her opened thighs, dipping his middle finger in her 
drooling cunt, wetting it good, then returned his hand to her ass. She 
suspected he had been this route before, but she said nothing. She 
waited, shivering.

Gripping her right ass cheek with his left hand, he pushed his pussy-
wet finger up into her asshole. The yield of her tender ring of ass-
flesh around his sliding finger drew a gasp from her throat.

"Oh, that's good, Dan!" she whimpered. "Oh, I'm gonna cum! Ohhhhh, 
honey, I'm cumming! Uhhhhh, fuuuuuuck! My cunt's going off! Uhhhhhh!"

Her ass fucked swiftly. He kept his finger up her ass and her cunt 
clenched like his cock was already in there. How she adored moving her 
ass when she was cumming. Always before, it had been when she top-
fucked him, but with his finger up her asshole her thrusts showed more 
excitement. She was cumming against the base of his prick. Her tits 
jiggled, and she moaned with joy as the cum shivers faded into honeyed 
relief. Her asshole was still tightening deliciously around his finger.

"Oh, Dan!" she panted happily. "I really went off big! Ohhh, I need 
your prick up in my cunt now. I'll give it the best top-fucking it ever 
had! I'm gonna cum about six times!"

"Yeahhh!" he muttered, his head pressed between her swollen tits, her 
clit nestled sweetly against his stiffened cock-root. "Lift your ass, 
Sally. I'm gonna take my finger out of your ass now. It sure tightens 
on my finger. One day I want my prick up in that sweet little ass. I 
want to feel it clamp my cock."

"Oh, me too!" she gasped, gripping his shoulders, lifting her trembling 
ass. She fit her cunt swiftly around his swollen prickhead, she felt 
the searing heat of his cock sliding up into her twitching cunt. Her 
cunt flesh gripped his prick, she dropped her ass, his cock roared up 
into the depths of her cunt, and she started her cum.

"Oh, my cunt's cumming already, honey! Ohhhh, fuuuuck! Ohhh, it's 
cumming so damn hard and good! That's the best cock in the whole world, 
honey! Ohhhh, shit, fuck, damn! Uh, uh, uhhhhhh!"

She felt her puffy wet cunt tightening around the thick root of his 
tensing prick. She jiggled her ass swiftly, her tits dancing over his 
naked chest.

She finished her cum and softened against him, her cunt still twitching 
around his prickmeat. She felt her cunt juice oozing down on his hairy 
balls. Her tits cuddled his chest. His hands gripped her ass, and she 
realized how lucky she was.

Her weeks of going without a fuck were over, she knew she would be 
getting a lot of cock from now on. He liked her fuck words. They 
excited her, too. She had three sexy young daughters who needed prick 
in the worst way, and she knew now for sure she would arrange for Dan 
to fuck them.

She had watched him gazing at them in a very unfatherly way many times. 
When they all went swimming in the pool, the girls loved to show off in 
front of him. They pranced around in their mini bikinis, flirting, 
waving their cute asses around.

He wanted to fuck his prick into their dainty cunts all right. He 
surely would appreciate plucking three delicate cherries. The whole 
plan was awful, but it was fixed in her mind now. She had to go through 
with it. She had to keep Dan at home at night.

He had been "working late at the office" way too much this past six 
months or so. Their last fuck, before today, had been weak and routine, 
and the next day she had fingered her clit for relief. He hadn't 
squirted much jizz in her cunt.

Not any more. Not as long as she could make fucking interesting for 
him. She could tell already he was going to gush a great big load of 
spunk up into her fluttering, clenching cunt.

"Oh, isn't this fun, honey?" she giggled, rolling her tits against his 
muscular, virile chest.

"Yeah, it sure is, Sally." he chuckled. He tickled her asshole. "Think 
my cock will ever go in that sweet little ass?"

"We'll make it go in!" she giggled. "One of these days I'm going to 
have a real big surprise for you, honey. How would you like to have me 
bring you some nice, new, fresh pussy!"

His prick tensed, his arms tightened. "Hey, no shit?"

She giggled, her cunt fluttered, her clit stiffened. Oh, he loved that 
idea, all right.

"Honest," she purred. "Give me time to set it up. You deserve some new 
cunt, honey. I know you probably get a little on the side, but I want 
you to be happy at home."

"So you think I've been getting some pussy away from home, huh?"

"A big handsome, blonde stud like you is bound to get offers." she 
said. "Girls like me, with a pretty face and legs and ass, we have 
chances too."

"Yeah, I've been thinking about that." he said.

"But if I furnish the new cunt, you'll like it."

"Yeahhh!" He grinned. His prick tensed. "Now, come on and fuck my cock, 
Sally. Get your hot little cunt moving. Buck it up and down on my prick 
and cum."

"Oh, I'm gonna cum real hard for you, stud!" she breathed. "My cunt is 
going to go crazy around your big, hard cock!"

She shuddered and began thrusting at his prick. She fucked in cadence, 
a few hard lunges, then a cunt-tingling pause.

"Fuck, fuck, fuck!" she breathed, pushing her tits forward. "What other 
words do you want me to say, honey?"

"Dirty it up good, baby." he muttered. "I'm gonna shoot a big wad of 
spunk up in your cunt. I'm gonna spray jizz all over inside your cunt."

"I love it!" she breathed. "I love to fuck your big, hard cock!"

She bounced her ass several times, feeling his cockhead deep in her 
quivering cunt. Another big cum was building in her body.

"Oh, my cunt's cumming!" she gasped, fucking faster. "Ohhh, fuck! 
Squirt your spunk, stud! Let me feel your cock throb! My cunt needs 
your jizz. It hasn't had any for a long time! Uhhhhh! I'm cumming, Dan! 
Uhhhhhh!"

"Yeahhh!" he growled. He gripped her bouncing ass, fucked his prick up 
her twitching cunt. He fucked her cunt very deep, his balls pulled up. 
She felt the first hard throbs of his cumming prick. Her cunt went off. 
Her cunt muscles churned and tightened around his throbbing cock. She 
could feel the gush of spunk.

"Fuuuuck!" Dan muttered thickly. "Fuuuuck, that's good hot cuuuuunt!"

"Ohhhhh, my cunt's going crazy!" she cried. "Ohhh, oh, oh, ohhhhh! Fuck 
me a big load, honey! Fuck it way up in my cunt!"

Her head whirled, her cunt was going off again, like a balloon 
exploding in her cunt. Hard, delicious spasms raked her belly, her cunt 
and her asshole.

His fuck-thrusts slowed, his hands fell from her hips. She bounced her 
cunt until her cum-tremors faded. Those honeyed twinges were just 
divine.

"Did my cunt suck all you jizz, honey?" she asked, rolling her hard 
nippled tits on his sweaty chest. She tightened her legs and her cunt.

"I got lots left, baby." he muttered, keeping his still-hard prick up 
her shivery cunt.

"Oh, good!" she purred. "Slip your finger up my asshole again, will 
you, honey? I just love it!"

His hand reached for her ass. He tickled around the sweet pucker.

Suddenly the front door opened. The sexy young girls were inside before 
they saw what their mom and dad were doing on the sofa.

"Mom and Dad!" Eva gasped. "You're fucking!"

"She's top-fucking him!" Fay exclaimed.

"Shame on you two!" Jan giggled. "Before supper, even!"

"Will you three get your cute little asses out of here till we finish 
our fuck!" Sally exclaimed.

A bright burst of giggles, and all three pretty daughters raced across 
the living room and down the main hallway. Their excited laughter was 
silenced by the closing of a door.

"Well, they know we fuck, they just caught us, is all." Sally giggled.

"You don't seem very shook about it." he said.

"I'm your new hot pussy, remember?" Sally cooed. "Should we keep on 
fucking or save some for later?" He chuckled. "I broke my nuts. I could 
use a rest, baby. That cunt of yours really sucked out a big load."

She tightened her cunt. "It just loves to snap and cum around your 
cock, Dan!"

She felt his prick shrinking.

"Let me lick up your jizz, honey!" she breathed.

He grinned. "You sure as hell are different, Sally. Sure, go ahead. I 
didn't know you ever wanted to sip up my cum wad."

"I was afraid you'd be shocked, honey." she purred, sinking to her 
knees between his opened legs. Her head came down to the base of his 
cock, the curly blonde hair tickled her lips and nose. She began 
sipping and sucking the warm spunk from his prick and balls.

She slurped and sucked, adoring the rich taste of his jizz. What a slut 
she had turned into, but she liked it, and everything between them was 
different now.

As she lapped, his prick began swelling again. His beautiful cock was 
coming back to life. She shivered and looked up at him.

"Can I please suck your cock, Dan?"

"Hey, let's wait till we can fuck up a real storm." he grinned. "We 
don't want to shock our darling young daughters, do we?"

"I don't think they'd be shocked at all!" she giggled. She kissed the 
root of his cock. "In fact, I think they want some of this nice big hot 
prick!"

He trembled. "Sally, you must be shitting me. Our own daughters? Jesus 
Christ."

Even though he protested there was no way he could conceal the 
suddenness with which his wobbly cock leaped to a full erection.



Chapter 3


"Mom, I never thought we'd ever catch you and Dad fucking on the sofa." 
Eva giggled.

The five had had a nice dinner, the girls had helped as usual, and now 
Sally and the girls were in their bikinis, sitting on the deck near the 
pool. It was a beautiful warm evening. Soft lights played across the 
pool's surface, and dim lights also glowed under the water.

After dinner, Dan had decided to take a nap, which he sometimes did 
early Friday evenings.

"That was exciting, you there in his lap, fucking!" Fay exclaimed. "But 
we didn't get to see Dad's prick!"

"Oh, you little sluts." she laughed. "Wanting to see your very own 
father's cock. I know you three want more than just a peek at his 
prick. It's awful, but I was the same way at your age. What would you 
three hot little cunts say if I said you could play around with your 
Dad and fuck him?"

Complete silence followed. The trio of cute girls sat there with their 
mouths open, their pretty bodies taut with surprise. Their large eyes 
opened wide.

"Mom, are you sure you'd let us fuck him?" Eva gasped.

"As sure as I've got a cunt." Sally giggled.

"Oh, Mom!" Fay burst out. "I know he loves to look at us. But our own 
dad?"

"Honey, it happens." Sally said.

"I know this girl at school." Jan giggled. "Her dad fucks her all the 
time. He eats her pussy and everything."

"When do we start having this family fuck fun?" Eva laughed. "My pussy 
is getting wet already!"

Sally turned serious. "You'd better not ever say one word about this, 
girls. Not even to your friend at school, Jan. You understand?"

"Yes!" they chorused.

"But he won't want to fuck us, after he fucked you in the living room, 
only a few hours ago." Jan complained.

"You girls don't know your father like I do." Sally smiled. "After his 
nap he'll be ready to get another big hard-on!"

"Oh, this is gonna be fun!" Fay exclaimed. "But maybe his cock is to 
big for us, Mom. We still have our cherries!"

"Well, I hope so." Sally smiled.

"We do, Mom." Jan giggled. "I've heard a real stud can give a girl lots 
of goodies without ever pushing his prick in the girls cunt."

"Well, of course." Sally giggled. "You little pussies had lots of fun 
without a prick!"

The three daughters giggled. How pretty and young and sexy they were, 
long-legged with pointy little hard tits, thick sensual mouths. Sally 
imagined them taking turns sucking Dan's cock, their full red lips 
around the swollen cock-meat, and she shuddered.

A movement behind the four turned Sally's head. Dan stood there, 
grinning. He wore his swim trunks, and the sight of the big lump of his 
cock and balls, sent more tremors through Sally's body.

"Oh, Dad!" Eva giggled. "We were just talking about you."

He chuckled. He moved to a deck chair at Sally's right, glancing from 
one daughter to the next.

"We were wondering how big your cock is, Dad!" Jan said.

"I'll be damned," he chuckled. "Sally, is that right?"

"Y-yes!!" Sally blurted. "I'm afraid our cute young daughters want you 
to play around with them, and make them cum!"

"And we want to fuck you, too!" Jan giggled.

Dan shook his head, a wide grin on his handsome face. The bulge in his 
swim trunks swelled even larger.

"You pretty girls have any hair on your cunts yet?" he asked.

"I do!" Eva stated proudly.

"But that doesn't mean we can't enjoy sex! Besides, we have our 
cherries!" Fay giggled.

"Sonofabitch." Dan muttered. "Sally, I thought you were pulling my leg. 
Do you know what this means?"

"Honey, I do!" Sally exclaimed. "They won't say one word, to anybody! 
They'll be safe, they can have their goodies at home! We can all have a 
lot of nice fuck and cum fun!"

Dan's grin was very wide as he stared from one sexy young daughter to 
the next. Sally thought his huge cock was going to burst out of his 
swim trunks. Her cunt was soppy, her clit as hard as flint.

The three girls stood, with Jan in the middle, and posed in front of 
Dan. They waved their pretty asses and danced their tits at him. Their 
bikinis were so tiny that if they'd had cunt hair it would show.

"Aren't we sexy, Dad?" Eva giggled, moving her hips like she was 
fucking. "Bring your cock out so we can see it!"

"Oh, yes, do!" Fay said.

Sally felt more fuck juice oozing into her bikini panty. The high 
wooden wall around their pool would keep anyone from peeking at them. 
Watching her daughters undulate their asses and weave their shoulders 
made her clit tense and tingle.

Dan applauded his daughters prancing and wiggling. Sally giggled and 
clapped her hands, too. Dan's hands went to his trunks, he slid the 
elastic band down and exposed the first six inches of his huge, hard 
prick.

"Ohhhhh!" the three girls gasped. "Oooo, Dad!"

Sally shook with lust. This was all so new and forbidden and daring.

"Now I want to see some pussy, girls." Dan grinned, pushing his trunks 
lower. "And some tits."

"Oh, this is fun!" Eva exclaimed. She reached down and untied her 
string bikini. Her pretty sisters did the same.

"You, too, Mom!" Jan smiled, staring at Sally. "We all want to see what 
a good pair of sexy tits looks like."

Shivering, Sally slowly stood and unfastened her bikini halter. Her 
tits surged out, high and hard. The three girls had cute tits, budding 
with promise, but Sally knew she had the best looking pair in town.

"Those are sure sexy tits, Mom!" Fay giggled. "Dad, don't you really 
like those beauties?"

"Yeah, they really stick out there, Sally." Dan admitted. "I sucked on 
them when I came home from work."

"Oh, we saw you two fucking!" Eva twittered. "But we couldn't see your 
prick! Show us everything, Daddy."

"His cock was sticking up in Mom's cunt!" Jan giggled, undulating her 
ass. "Now show everybody your cunt, Mom."

Dan rose to his feet, his prick still riding out from the band of his 
swim trunks. As he drew them down, Sally dropped her bikini bottom. The 
three young girls gasped, staring from Sally's dark-haired cunt to 
Dan's massive ten-inch prick.

"Oh, Mom, your cunt's all pooched out!" Eva giggled. "That sure is a 
sexy cunt!"

"I like Dad's prick better!" Jan said.

"Me, too!" Fay breathed, weaving her hips, knees open wide.

"I hope it isn't too big for our cunts!" Eva said. "Mom, does that big 
thing ever hurt your cunt?" Sally felt weak in the knees.

"No, that big cock doesn't hurt my cunt!" Sally exclaimed. "Not when 
it's turned on like this!" She reached down to her crotch and spread 
her cunt lips apart.

"Oh, Mom!" the girls exclaimed.

"I have to get a better look at your cunt, Sally." Dan chuckled.

He walked over in front of her, his blue eyes ranging up and down her 
body. He stared at her puffy tits, her held-open cunt. His huge slanted 
prick tensed, bubbles of clear cock-juice appeared on his piss hole.

Sally turned so everybody could see her cunt gash. She continued to 
fuck her hips back and forth. She tightened the mouth of her cunt and 
her clit stiffened.

"Somebody better fuck me or suck me or finger my cunt!" Sally gasped. 
"Or I'm gonna cum all by myself!"

"Oh, Dad!" Eva exclaimed. "Make Mom cum! She needs it!"

"Yes, I sure do." Sally breathed, her hips still thrusting. She kept 
her legs far apart, her hands held her puffy cunt lips open, and more 
fuck juice dribbled from her cunt hole, down her thighs.

"Isn't that a long clit!" Jan breathed, staring at Sally's cunt. "Mom, 
you sure can control your cunt!"

Sally trembled, clenching the mouth of her cunt again and again. Even 
Dan was surprised and pleased. His big cock tensed. Sally was so horny 
she wanted to scream.

"Oh, Daddy!" Eva exclaimed. "Please push your cock in Mom's cunt! She 
needs her cum! See all that cunt juice oozing out of it! We want to see 
Mom cum!"

Sally shuddered, watching Dan move closer. The skin around his 
prickhead was stretched to the limit. Half his cockknob showed, shiny 
and dark blue. More wetness leaked from his piss hole.

"So you want to cum in front of our cute, sexy daughters, do you?" Dan 
chuckled. He gripped his prick in his right hand, peeled back the 
foreskin, and his swollen purple cockknob popped free. He bent his 
knees until his cockhead was aimed at her shivery cunt.

"Daddy, you have such big, sexy nuts!" Jan breathed.

Sally hardly heard the words. She was entranced with Dan's hard, wet 
cockhead moving toward her twitchy, spread-open cunt. She wished he 
would suck a tit, but he could do that later. All of her senses were 
concentrated on Dan's approaching cock.

When his prick-knob was just inches from her hungry, leaky cunt, she 
stepped forward, thrust her hips wildly, and took his huge cock up into 
her cunt The girls cried out with excitement.

"Uhhhhh!" Sally yelled. "Uhhh, my cunt's cumming! Ohhhh, Dan! Fuck your 
cock in hard! Uhhhhh, fuuuuuuck!"

Dan responded quickly to her request, jamming the whole ten inches into 
her eager pussy. Her cunt exploded. Wave after wave of honeyed delight 
curled through her belly, her legs and tits. Her inner cunt clenched 
his prick in swift cadence.

Dan bucked once more, and drew his prick out of her still-cumming cunt. 
Sally wobbled and dropped into a deck chair, her head whirling. Her 
hips continued to move in fuck motions. The cum fun was still 
happening.

"Oh, Daddy, you sure did make her cum hard!" Eva exclaimed. "Now your 
cock is all slick with Mom's cunt juice!"

"Oh, it sure is a sexy cock!" Jan said. "Daddy, when do we get to feel 
it up in our cunts?"

"I gotta get those sweet little cunts good and wet, girls." he grinned. 
"Sit your cute asses down in chairs and I'll start to work on them."

Sally rested limply in her chair, her legs sprawled apart, her cum 
juice oozing from her puffed-out cunt mouth. Only two big lunges of his 
swollen prick into her eager cunt, and she'd gone off. How totally 
wonderful. She dropped her right hand to her tender, heated cunt and 
watched her daughters sit in chairs. She moved over to where her 
husband was. He was on his knees between Eva's slender long legs, 
staring at her virgin pussy.

"No if I had three mouths and three pairs of hands, I could suck and 
play with your dainty cunts all at once." Dan said.

"Oh, I could help you out!" Sally breathed.

"Oh, Mom, please do!" Fay exclaimed.

Sally shivered, gave Dan's ass a cozy thrust with her cunt, and moved 
over between Fay's cute long legs.

"Mom, do you know how to eat pussy?" Fay giggled.

"I'll show you, you hot little cunt!" Sally breathed. She fit her hands 
beneath Fay's firm, smooth ass, cupping a cheek in each palm, lifting 
the fragrant crotch toward her mouth.

Dan's head was already buried between Eva's spread-open thighs, and a 
faint slurping sound reached Sally's ears. Eva whimpered, her head 
turning back, her hands caught in her father's thick, curly blonde 
hair. It was such a horribly appealing sight that Sally's cunt began to 
drool more fuck sap.

Suddenly Jan leaped from her chair and moved behind Fay, sliding her 
hands across Fay's shoulders, down to Fay's perky little tits. As Jan's 
finger closed on Fay's cute tits, Sally kissed the warm, sugary cunt 
slit belonging to her own daughter.

"Ohhh!" Fay giggled. "Yes, play with my tits and kiss me, Jan! Mom's 
going to eat my cunt!"

"Oh, oh, ohhhh!" Eva whimpered. "Oh, Daddy, that's good!"

Sally quaked with lust. She glued her lips to Fay's cunt, tasting the 
forbidden pussy fruit. It was so very sweet, so soft and sensual. 
Greedily she kissed and sucked, her lips moving upward toward the cute 
little pink clit she had glimpsed earlier.

As Sally's lips closed around the dainty spike of her own daughter's 
clit, as Fay shivered and tipped her cunt forward, young Eva whimpered 
fiercely.

"Oh, Daddy, I'm cumming!" Eva cried. "Oh, my little pussy is cumming in 
your mouth! Ohhhhhh, my cunt is cumming big!"

Sally shook with lust. Her hard, quick cum around Dan's prick had 
barely touched her frenzied craving of Fay's precious little clit 
between her lips, the tensing of Fay's clit, sent a rage of passion 
through Sally's body.

"Ohhh, ohhh, Mom!" Fay breathed. "You sure can eat pussy!"

"Uhhhh!" Eva whimpered as Dan continued to eat her cunt. "Oh, Dad, 
that's so dreamy good!"

Sally gave Fay's clit a few more sweet sucks, and moved her mouth 
lower. Her tongue fucked into Fay's tight little cunt hole.

"Ohhh, Mom, don't tear my cherry with your tongue!" Fay gasped. "I want 
to save it for Dad's big, hot prick!"

"We all want to do that, Sis!" Jan laughed.

Sally moved her lips back to her pretty daughter's clit. Fay, 
trembling, arching her cunt toward Sally's eager mouth.

"You about to cum, Fay?" Jan giggled. "Your tits are turning hard at 
the tips."

"Y-yes!!" Fay gasped. "Sally, eat me fast! My pussy wants to cum, right 
now!" Sally trembled, bringing her right hand over on Fay's asshole. 
She pushed a finger at the tight ass, she sucked harder on Fay's 
tensing clit.

Fay's asshole twitched, her hips jerked, her face twisted. "Yes, push 
your finger up my ass!"

Sally drew her hand back, then slipped her fuck finger up to the lower 
part of Fay's puffy cunt slit and dipped into the cute soppy cunt hole. 
She wet her finger good, moved her hand back to Fay's ass, and shoved 
her pussy-slick finger up her daughter's asshole.

"Ohhhh!" Fay whimpered, her legs jerking. "Ohhh, Mom, you're making me 
cum!"

Sally felt the little clit pulse. She sucked very hard, and jacked her 
finger in and out of Fay's ass.

"It's cumming, Mom! My cunt's cumming, just for you!" Fay yelled.

Fay's vivid responses, her cries of delight, shook Sally deeply. A 
mother eating her precious daughter's virginal cunt. Was she a beast? 
She watched her girl shake and shimmy as her cunt went off.

Jan drew away from behind her sister, and sank into a chair, her cute 
cunt tipped up, her pink clit peering from the top of her swollen cunt 
slit.

"It's my turn for pussy fun." Jan said. "Blondes need it too."

"I'll do it." Dan said, grinning over at Jan.

Sally would have offered, but she was still enjoying herself with Fay. 
Eva rested limply in her chair. Dan had made her cum, she was resting. 
The pretty brunette sat with her legs sprawled open, her cute pussy 
very swollen, cunt juice shiny along the dainty crevice, her clit not 
as stiff as before.

They can't take as many cums as I can, Sally thought, watching Dan move 
over in front of blonde Jan. Jan was her dad's favorite.

"Daddy, will you give me some prick, please?" Jan cooed, staring at his 
big, ten-inch cock.

"Baby, that's too much prick for your cunt." He grinned. "All three of 
you girls have real tight cunts."

"How do you know, Daddy?" Jan giggled.

"I've been sucking Eva, and all of you girls are alike." Dan chuckled.

"Well, you know best, Daddy!" Jan cooed, puzzled. She arched her cunt 
up at him. "Please make it cum, Dan! Suck my cunt, or tongue it, and 
finger it! I'm so horny I could scream!"

Sally kept her finger in Fay's asshole and began to sip the swelling 
cunt flesh again. It was so sweet and tasty. Dan was probably right 
about cunt size on the girls, he'd had his finger and tongue in a lot 
of cunts. Men could do that and get away with it.

Sally watched Dan sink to his knees between Jan's long, shapely legs. 
This time he put a patio cushion under his knees. He had spent a lot of 
time in that position in front of Eva, eating her dainty, fresh cunt.

"Oh, Daddy!" Jan breathed, as Dan fit his hands beneath her cute 
rounded ass. "I wondered if you'd ever want my pussy!"

"He's been wanting all of our cunts, Mom! Fay giggled. "Just like you."

"You foxy little cunts!" Sally laughed. She looked across at her 
husband.

Dan grinned. "I'll get my prick in their cunts somehow. They sure are 
small, though."

"Cunts stretch." Sally giggled. "You said after we ate their cunts, 
they'd be ready for your cock."

"We'll see." he chuckled. "Right now I'm gonna get Jan's pretty little 
pussy ready for cock."

"Yes, hurry and eat my cunt, Daddy!" Jan breathed. "I need a cum real 
bad!"

"I need a cum, too!" Eva giggled, sitting up in her chair.

"Well, play with your clit, Eva." Sally giggled. "You can watch your 
sisters cum. Dan and I can't eat three cunts at once. Our tongues 
aren't that long!"

Sally shuddered, fastening her mouth on Fay's dainty, wet cunt, and 
wiggled her finger in Fay's tight little asshole. Fay shivered, her 
cunt tipped up, and Sally snaked her tongue deep into the fragrant 
tight cunt hole.

"Ohhh, Mom!" Fay whimpered, thrusting her hips, her cute asshole 
clenching Sally's finger.

A louder cry of delight came from Jan. Dan's mouth was glued to the 
hairless little cunt, he was cupping Jan's ass cheeks, really going 
after her pussy.

"Oh, Daddy, that's so gooooood!" Jan whimpered, her hands kneading her 
budding tits. "If your prick feels half this good I'll cum a dozen 
times."

"Let me help you some, Sis." Eva giggled, leaving her chair. She 
wiggled over behind Jan's chair. Eva's hands dropped down to Jan's 
tits. Eva leaned her head down and they kissed.

Sally sipped and sucked at Fay's swelling cunt. Fay shivered, her hands 
playing with her tits, a look of intense delight on her pretty sensual 
face. Sally could feel the tight circling membrane of her daughter's 
cunt, her dainty cherry. Something about making a virgin girl cum was 
very exciting. Sure, the girls had been fooling around for months, 
maybe years. But they were her own sweet daughters, all virgins. 
Feeling them cum was so delightful. So daring and forbidden.

"Mom, get my clit and suck it!" Fay gasped. "I'm ready to cum! Uhhhhh!"

Sally slipped her wet mouth up to Fay's tensing clit, fastened her lips 
around the little clit, and pushed her finger further up Fay's tight 
asshole.

"Ohhh, ohhhh!" Fay cried, her legs shaking, her hands flying on her 
tits. "My cunt's cumming, Mom! Oh, it's cumming right now!"

Sally shook with lust. She sipped and sucked the dainty quivering 
pussy. The cunt juices were so fragrant and sweet.



Chapter 4


"Ohhh, my pussy is cumming!" Jan cried, her long legs shaking.

Eva, who had just stopped kissing her sister, gripped Jan's tits even 
tighter. Sally could hear the slurping of Dan's mouth on his blonde 
daughter's upcurved cunt. Sally wondered if Dan had a finger up the 
young blonde's ass.

"Cum, Sis!" Eva urged. "Cum big and hard around your daddy's tongue!"

"Uhhhh, shit, fuck, cum!" Jan bleated, her face twisting. "Ohhh, it's 
so fucking good!"

Sally felt Fay's pretty, wet cunt twitch as Jan started her cum. Sally 
sucked faster on Fay's stiff little clit. Fay shook, and her legs drew 
in against Sally's ears.

"Ohhhhh, fuuuuuuk!" Fay cried, her head turned back. The vivid shakes 
of her body told Sally how hard Fay was cumming.

"Daddy, I'm cumming." Jan whimpered, her legs shaking. "Ohhhh, fuck! 
Ohhhh! You're so good with my cunt!"

Sally rested, letting Fay go limp after her cum. The girl's puffy 
little cunt was still twitching. Fay's asshole still tightening lightly 
around Sally's finger.

Raising her head, Sally watched Dan finish Jan's cum.

"Good pussy, Jan." he grinned. He looked up at Eva, who was still 
playing with Jan's tits. "Your little cunt is really tasty, too, Eva."

Eva giggled. "When do we get some prick, Dad? When are you going to 
bust our cherries?"

"Not in a damned deck chair, Eva." Dan said. He rose to his feet, 
tensing his ten inches of prick.

Sally lifted her face from Fay's expanded cunt. She drew her finger out 
of Fay's tight little asshole.

"Don't stop, Mom!" Fay begged.

"Honey, we want to get some of your father's cock, don't we?" Sally 
asked.

"Oh, yes!" Fay giggled. She was staring at Dan's prick, like Jan and 
Eva.

"Let's all go upstairs to our bedroom." Dan suggested. "When I fuck a 
cunt I usually like it on a bed."

"Oh, you can fuck our cunts anywhere, Daddy!" Jan exclaimed. "That was 
sure something when Mom fucked you on the sofa, down in the living 
room."

"Yeah, your mother is turning into a real lively piece of ass." Dan 
chuckled.

Sally giggled and the three girls laughed.

The five trooped inside, and upstairs to the master bedroom.

Eva walked toward the bathroom and Dan said. "Don't wash your cunt, 
honey. I like a nice wet pussy."

"I'm gonna piss, Daddy!" Eva giggled. "After cumming so hard I always 
piss."

"Well, leave the door open so we can watch you piss." Dan said.

"Oh, you dirty things!" Sally exclaimed. But she realized that she too 
wanted to watch her daughters piss. Shuddering, she watched Eva wiggle 
into the bathroom.

A rush of yellow piss flooded down into the toilet bowl. The splash of 
piss, the stream of it coming from Eva's puffy cunt, sent shivers of 
awful excitement through Sally's body.

Eva dabbed at her cunt with a toilet tissue and pranced into the 
bedroom. She posed in front of Dan. "My pussy is still pretty slick, 
Dad!"

"We'll see." Dan grinned. He reached out and placed his hand on Eva's 
swollen cunt.

"Ohhhh!" Eva giggled. "That's good!"

"Still pretty snug, Eva." Dan said. "Come on, Fay and Jan, I want to 
watch you piss."

"Oh, me too!" Sally blurted. What a slut she was.

Fay and Jan laughed, and Fay moved into the bathroom, standing the way 
Eva had. The gush of yellowish piss splashing down into the bowl mad 
Sally's clit throb. Strings of girl cum, like spiderwebs, led from 
Fay's cunt to the toilet bowl. See how juicy my cunt is?" Fay giggled.

"Yeahhh." Dan muttered, watching Fay closely.

Fay wiggled out of the bathroom, and stood in front of Dan, her crotch 
tipped forward, her legs apart. She reached out and touched his huge 
wet-knobbed cock.

"Ohhhh!" Fay breathed. "Eva, feel it! Isn't that some big, hard prick!"

Eva's right hand shot out, her soft little fingers closed around Dan's 
cockshaft, and a bubble of fresh clear juice showed on his swollen 
prick-knob.

Dan trembled, he pushed his right hand at Fay's cunt. His left hand 
went to Eva's cunt. Sally watched his middle fingers slip juicily up 
into his daughter's cunts. Fay and Eva kept playing with Dan's prick.

"Yeah, they're both getting real slick." Dan chuckled. He glanced over 
at Jan. "Why don't you piss now, Jan? I want to see that piss coming 
out of your sweet little cunt."

"I sure will, Daddy!" Jan giggled.

Sally was weak in the legs. Her cunt drooled, her tits felt ready to 
burst with passion. Her nipples burned. She watched leggy Jan straddle 
the toilet bowl and the stream of yellow piss shot down into the 
toilet.

Sally felt her head spin. But she was having fun, she really was. She 
was saying things and doing things she had always wanted to. Her cute 
daughters had taught her something.

Sally knew for sure now that the girls had listened in when she and Dan 
had fucked. Rotten little cunts! But who was the worst now?

"Let's stop fooling around and fuck!" Sally exclaimed. "Dan, are you 
going to get your cock in me, or fuck one of the girls?"

"Well, I can't fuck you sexy cunts all at once." Dan grinned. "So you 
four decide which one gets my meat first." He drew his fingers out of 
his daughters cunts, walked to the bed and stretched out on his back. 
The view of his big hairy balls sent shivers up and down Sally's body. 
She could hardly keep from running to the bed and leaping up on his 
cock.

"Oh, Eva, you go first, honey." Sally breathed. "We can watch you take 
his prick way up in your cunt!"

"I sure will try hard!" Eva giggled, racing to the bed.

While Eva straddled her father, Sally and her other two daughters 
crouched beside the bed, staring at Dan and Eva. Sally was between Fay 
and Jan, the blonde at her left. Giggling, Eva raised her cute ass high 
and tried to find Dan's cockhead with her cute, wet puffy cunt. Her 
long legs trembled with effort.

"Get your pussy forward a little, Eva." Dan said, gripping his cock and 
pointing it straight up. Eva stared down between her extended arms and 
thighs, her dark long thick hair trailing across her father's broad, 
muscular chest.

"Oh, I see your cock now, Dad!" Eva exclaimed. She changed position, 
her ass lowered again and this time she touched her cute little cunt to 
his prickhead.

"How does dad's prick feel, Eva?" Jan asked.

"Goooood!" Eva breathed, pushing down. His cock-knob went further 
between her delicate cunt lips.

Dan's cock tensed. Fuck juice leaked down his cockshaft.

"Ohhh, shit!" Eva gasped. "It hurts!"

"Wiggle your cunt and try again, honey!" Sally breathed.

"Oh, that's sexy!" Jan giggled.

"Come on, Eva!" Fay exclaimed. "Drive his prick up your cunt!"

"I'm afraid her little pussy isn't going to spread enough." Dan said. 
"That hot little cunt sure feels good, though."

"Oh, I want your prick, Dad!" Eva whined.

"Well, if he can't tear your cherry, wiggle you clit around on his 
cock-knob." Sally breathed.

Eva strained, her face twisted with passion. Her dainty cunt lips 
twitched, she hunched very hard, and her body shook. Suddenly her 
pretty little cunt began to spread around his big cockhead.

"Uhhhh!" Eva whined. "Oh, shit, fuck, Daddy!"

Sally gasped as the prick-knob oozed upward into Eva's cunt.

"It's my cherry!" Eva cried. "It tore! Oh, Daddy, you got my cherry!"

"You're doing fine, honey." Dan encouraged her. "Come on down."

Father and daughter gazed into each others eyes as she settled slowly 
onto the rigid shaft of his cock. There was no more pain, only the 
lingering smarting of her ripped cherry. It was a growing sense of 
fullness that verged on discomfort as her pussy swallowed more and more 
of the fat shaft. It seemed endless.

"Oh look at that!" Jan breathed. "Daddy's prick is going all the way 
into Eva's cunt!"

"I sure want Dad's prick!" Fay gasped.

"We all do Fay!" Sally said, staring as Eva's cunt accepted every solid 
inch of Dan's prick. It was amazing. But then cunts were stretchy, 
built for cock.

"Fuck, that's a good tight cunt!" Dan muttered. He cupped Eva's budding 
tits and squeezed them.

Eva perched above him, long legs spread apart, a look of supreme 
delight on her flushed, cute face. "It feels like your cock is clear up 
in my throat, Daddy!"

"Well, go ahead and fuck Dad's prick, Eva!" Jan exclaimed. "You got it, 
now fuck it!"

"Uhhhh, ohhhhh!" Eva whined, stroking her cute rounded ass. "Daddy, 
it's wonderful! Are you gonna fuck a big load of jizz up my pussy?"

"Just go ahead and fuck, Eva." Dan grinned, kneading her swollen little 
tit buds. "That's the way, move your pretty ass. Isn't that better?"

"Oh, Daddy!" Eva whined. "It's cumming! My pussy is gonna cum!"

"Good!" Dan chuckled. "Fuck as fast as you want to, cutie. Get your 
tight little cunt off around my prick!"

Eva strained and pumped. Her face contorted, her head swung back, her 
pretty ass bobbed like a cork on the water with a fish jerking the 
line. Sally could see cunt juice, tinged with red, oozing from her 
pretty daughter's stretched little cunt. Cherry blood. Eva pumped, her 
legs jerked, her tits pushed out, and she squealed.

Eva gasped and bucked her ass, little cries of delight bubbling from 
her throat. Dan wasn't spewing jizz yet.

"Uhhhh, oh, oh, ohhhh!" Eva cried, slumping down on Dan's chest.

"Oh, Daddy, I never had a cum like that one!"

"With that much prick up in my cunt, I could cum hard, too!" Fay 
breathed.

"You'll get your turn at his cock, honey." Sally said to Fay. "See how 
good your father is, girls? You can have your fun on his prick and he 
doesn't squirt. He can really save his jizz. That way, a hot pussy can 
cum a lot of times!"

"You just want his spunk, Mom!" Jan teased.

"Oh, you little cunt, you!" Sally giggled. "Show me a girl who doesn't 
want a load of spurting jizz in her cunt!"

"Not this pussy!" Fay giggled. She looked at Eva, who was sprawled 
above Dan. "Come on, Sis. You had some of his cock, it's my turn!"

"Oh, I hate to stop fucking!" Eva gasped.

"Come on, get up off his cock, honey." Sally demanded. "You had your 
cherry torn and your first cock. We have three eager cunts here. We 
want our share of prick!"

Eva sighed and lifted her body. As Dan's huge cock emerged from Eva's 
puffy-mouthed cunt, a flow of pussy juice trickled down her left thigh, 
reddish in color.

Sally shook with lust, but she didn't want to be selfish. "Okay, Fay, 
climb your cute ass up there and see if you can work his cockhead into 
your pussy."

Eva crawled to the edge of the bed, legs apart. While Fay was mounting 
Dan's prick, Sally dropped to her knees between Eva's long, pretty 
thighs, her mouth aimed at Eva's cunt. Eva tipped her crotch up, Sally 
lapped the fragrant cunt juice and cherry blood.

Sally worked up along Eva's thighs to the cute rosette of her 
daughter's just-fucked cunt, her mouth greedy.

"Ohhh, Mom, that's good!" Eva whined.

Face twisted with lust, Fay strained and wiggled her ass around like 
Eva had done.

"Ohhhh, Daddy!" Fay whined. Her hips tipped forward, where his fingers 
played with her little pink clit.

"Your cunt's real tight, Fay." Dan said. "I'm gonna get your cunt to 
cum this way, and your slit might open up more."

"Oh, whatever you say, Daddy!" Fay cried.

"Why don't you get her down on the bed, Dan." Sally suggested. "Eat her 
pussy! That'll loosen it up good!" Dan looked at Sally. "I think you're 
right, Sally. I want to eat some of this fresh young cunt."

Fay nodded, climbed down from her position above Dan, and stretched out 
beside him. Grinning, Dan slid between Fay's long thighs, skidded his 
hands between her thighs, and crouched. His head came down to Fay's 
upcurved pussy.

As Dan started lapping Fay's cunt, her face showed her intense 
pleasure. Dan knew how to nibble cunt. He had not learned it at home, 
that was for sure.

"Oh, Daddy, that's really good!" Fay whined, her long legs shaking.

"I'm ready to cum, already!"

"Oh, play her cunt along, Dan!" Sally gasped. "Make her wait for it!"

"Oh, Mom, I need my cum now!" Fay wailed.

Sally was in a frenzy of passion. She looked at Jan, glanced at the 
carpeted bedroom floor, and Jan winked. Sally's cute blonde daughter 
sank to the floor and Sally swept between her sexy daughter's opened 
legs. Sally glued her cunt to Jan's restless cunt.

"Oh, Mom, you sure fuck good!" Jan purred. "Eva got her cunt popped, 
Fay's gonna cum on Daddy's mouth, so we might as well have our fuck 
fun!"

"Oh, you hot little cunt." Sally breathed. "I'll fuck you and then I'll 
eat you! I'm crazy with the heat!"

Sally felt the sweet quiver of Jan's cunt, the dagger of her clit. Jan 
whimpered, tipping her cunt high, and Sally stroked. Their juicy cunts 
slapped and squished together. Sally felt her pretty blonde daughter 
shudder, felt Jan's clit stiffen. Sally fucked like a demon.

"Ohhhh, my cunt is cumming, Mom!" Jan wailed.

"My cunt's cumming too, honey!" Sally cried. Waves of exquisite delight 
swept her crotch, her tits and cunt. Her cunt mouth tightened as the 
nuances of delight drew another cry from her throat.

Resting on Jan's quivering body, Sally heard Fay's harsh cry of 
pleasure. Sally could not see Eva. She was probably playing stink 
finger. The bed jiggled. Sally had to see what was going on.

"Oh, Daddy, you sure know how to eat pussy!" Fay gurgled. He was on his 
hands and knees, his huge prick angled forward, wet on the knob and 
piss-hole. Eva stood on the other side of the bed, her cunt looking 
extremely puffy. Fuck-juice leaked from her hairless puss down her 
thighs.

"Mighty tasty cunt, Fay." Dan smiled., smacking his lips.

"Oh, Daddy, will you please fuck me now?" Fay breathed. She opened her 
legs further. "I'm sure you can get your prick in there now!"

"Yeahhh!" he said, crawling forward. Eva stared, her right hand on her 
expanded cunt, fingers toying with her stiff pink clit.

Sally sniffed the fragrance of fresh, young cunt, and her clit hardened 
again.

"Get your cock in Fay's cunt!" Eva breathed, staring. "It went up in my 
cunt! I want to see your prick go in her!"

Jan was now watching Dan and Fay.

Dan crouched in his fucking pose, lowering his huge, shiny-wet cockhead 
toward Fay's swollen pussy. Fuck juice glistened between the petals of 
her cunt. Fay's little tits were larger than Sally had ever seen them. 
Dan's cockhead touched Fay's cunt.

Fay trembled, her legs swung further apart, her crotch angled upward. 
"Oh, that's good!" Fay breathed, staring down at Dan's prick. "It sure 
beats fingers or pussy!"

"This is where a cock belongs, Fay." Dan muttered, as his ass muscles 
tensed. "Right in a sexy girl's cunt."

Fay flinched. "Oh, Daddy, it hurts!"

Sally watched Dan crouch there, his huge prickhead between Fay's juicy 
cunt lips, his ass quivering. He pushed down again. Fay whimpered in 
discomfort and flinched again.

"Dan, it's too big for Fay's cunt!" Sally breathed.

"Hell, I took it!" Eva exclaimed.

"All cunts aren't the same size." Sally said. "I'll bet if you had 
another cum you could take his cock, honey."

"Oh, Mom, I'll do anything top have his cock up my cunt!" Fay gasped.

"I tell you what, Fay." Dan said. "Reach down and hold my prick and 
jiggle the knob on your clit. That'll make your pussy cum."

"Oh, I sure will, Daddy!" Fay breathed. She gripped his prick in her 
right hand, squirmed her ass in a favorable position, and started 
sliding Dan's cockhead against her stiff, pink clit.

Sally shook with envy. Several years earlier she and Dan had had sex 
that way. Cock against clit. It was fun. It was different, especially 
if he broke his nuts and gushed jizz all over her cunt and ass.

"Yeah, you're getting the hang of it, Fay." Dan said. On his hands and 
knees he kept his cock in the right position. Fay whimpered and her 
face twisted with delight.

Sally watched her pretty daughter enjoy her first feel of prick. Fay 
had such a happy look on her face. Girls needed this more than 
anything. How much better it was having her pretty daughters get their 
sex at home. Dan wouldn't hurt them. He wouldn't ram his big ten-incher 
into a dainty, virginal cunt unless the cunt was good and ready.

"Don't rush it, honey!" Sally breathed. "Play it along! That's where 
the fun is, dragging it out!"

"Oh, I want some of that!" Jan giggled. "Daddy, are you going to cum in 
her pussy?"

Dan muttered, his arms quivered, his ass muscled flexed. His nuts were 
starting to draw up.

"See his balls!" Sally exclaimed, her cunt streaming juice down her 
legs. "When they pull up into a knot, it means he's going to go off!"

"Oh I know that!" Eva giggled.

"But he didn't squirt in your cunt." Jan said. "You went off on his 
prick, but his prick didn't cum in your cunt."

"Okay, okay." Eva said, peering in at the prick and cunt action.

Fay was indeed taking her time, wiggling his cock-knob on her clit, 
then resting. "Oh, Daddy, it's so good I don't want to cum yet!" Fay 
gasped.

"Take your own sweet time little girl." Dan said.

Sally shook with lust. Dan wasn't fooling Sally. His balls were bunched 
up high in his ball sac, he was trembling with pleasure. In a few 
moments Dan was going to cum. In a very short while he was going to 
spray spunk all over Fay's delicate cunt.

"Oh, Daddy!" Fay cried, her hand whipping faster. "Ohhh, I'm gonna cum! 
Oh, please shoot your jizz in my cunt!"

Sally staggered, gripping the side of the bed. This was almost too 
much. Her cunt was feverish for prick or pussy or fingers.

"Uhhhh, fuuuuuuck!" Dan groaned, his face contorting.

Sally halfway expected him to fuck his cock into Fay's cumming cunt, 
whether it hurt her or not. But Dan didn't. Sally watched his huge 
prick throb. Just as Fay yelled, as her little pink clit pulsed, a gush 
of yellowish-white spunk sprayed all over Fay's cunt mouth, then up 
across her belly. Once free of Fay's pussy, he moved his ass, fucking 
his gushing prick along her tummy. His moans of relief were vivid in 
Sally's ears.

Fay whined and bucked her pretty ass, her long legs shaking, her little 
hard, pointy tits arching high.

"Oh, that's sexy!" Fay breathed.

Dan finished, he fell over at Fay's side, and Sally rushed onto the 
bed. She swept between Fay's still-opened thighs and glued her mouth to 
her pretty daughter's still-virginal pussy. She began licking the spent 
jizz up in her mouth, licking and slurping, loving the taste of hot 
spunk.

"Oh, Mom, is that jizz good?" Jan asked.

Sally hardly heard her daughter. She was busy lapping jizz from Fay's 
trembling belly.

"Move over and suck his prick, Mom!" Eva exclaimed. "There's a lot of 
spunk on it!"



Chapter 5


"I'll decide who sucks my prick." Dan said, his cock now resting half 
limp on his hairy belly. He looked at Jan. "Come her, you sexy little 
blonde. Do you want to take my cock in your mouth?"

"Oh, Daddy, I sure do!" Jan exclaimed, quickly circling the bed, her 
cute ass undulating. Jan leaped on the bed, crouching at Dan's left, 
leaned her head down and began licking up dribbles of jizz.

Greedy slurping sounds came to Sally's ears as she continued to suck 
her sexy daughter's cunt. Dan was still the boss in the bedroom.

Sally trembled, her tongue shooting into Fay's tight little cunt. She 
was still sucking out droplets of jizz that had spurted up inside Fay's 
virginal cunt. Spunk and pussy dew. It was a totally delicious feast.

"Oh, eat me till I cum, Mom!" Fay breathed, her flat belly fluttering, 
her legs restless. "I really wanted Daddy's cock! But I'll settle for 
your tongue!"

Sally moaned into her cute daughter's cunt, stroking her tongue faster. 
Sally realized suddenly that Eva was moving to the foot of the bed, 
sliding toward Sally's crotch.

Sally lifted her ass, spread her thighs, and Eva giggled, squirming 
until her head was between Sally's spread-apart legs.

"Mom, your cunt's really pooched out!" Eva giggled.

Sally whined into Fay's cunt, feeling Eva's hands caress her ass. Then 
a warm, wet tongue wriggled along Sally's dewy cunt slit. The delicate 
tongue shot into Sally's cunt.

"Mmmmm, offf, ohhhhh!" Sally blurted.

Eva's hands gripped Sally's ass, Eva began the swirl and flick of her 
busy little tongue, sent tremors all through Sally's body.

Now Sally could see Jan lift her head, take Dan's hardening prick in 
her right hand, and kiss the swelling cockhead. Jan's fresh, red lips 
spread around Dan's cock-knob.

"Jan, baby, I didn't know you could suck prick."

Jan giggled, opening her lips farther. Dan loved it. Sally loved the 
feel of Eva's mouth on her swollen, dripping cunt. Eva had almost all 
the cunt juice drained from Sally's cunt, and now she glued her lips to 
Sally's tensing, cum-ready clit.

"Swing that pretty little ass around here, Jan." Dan chuckled. "I want 
to eat your nice, fresh pussy."

"Ohhhhh!" Jan giggled, her mouth still wet with Dan's cock juice and 
traces of jizz. "I hoped you'd eat my cunt, Daddy!"

Sally was enjoying herself too much to offer any comment. The entire 
family was now pleasantly involved in sex games. Dan hadn't been able 
to tear Fay's cherry, but Fay had had her cum fun against his 
prickhead.

Jan was now above her father, her crotch aimed at his face.

"Hold it right there for a second, honey." Dan said. "Let's see what 
we've got here."

"Okay, baby." Dan said. "Bring it down here so I can eat it."

Her cunt came down and Dan's long tongue snaked up into her pussy. 
Dan's hands were gripping her ass, pulling her cunt lower. Jan whined 
as she spread her lips around his thick shaft and took more of her 
father's now-rigid prick into her mouth.

"Ohhh, Mom!" Fay whined, her hands stroking across her tits. "Make my 
pussy cum! I need it real bad!"

Sally was so involved with enjoying Eva's mouth on her own puffy, achy 
cunt she almost forgot about Fay. Well, Fay could wait. She'd had a big 
cum against Dan's throbbing, spurting cock. Sally needed her cum fun, 
too.

Resting her mouth on Fay's dainty, shivery cunt, Sally tipped her cunt 
lower, and felt the clinging grip of Eva's lips. Eva certainly knew the 
ins and outs of sucking cunt.

Suddenly Sally felt Eva's finger pushing at her asshole. That knowing 
little cunt. There weren't many secrets left around the Ward house. Eva 
knew how Sally loved having her asshole poked and teased.

"Come on, Mom!" Fay cried, thrusting her cunt at Sally's mouth.

"Draw the cum out of my cuuuuunt!"

The pump of Eva's finger in Sally's twitching asshole, the suck of 
Eva's lips on Sally's stiffened clit, brought Sally right to the edge 
of her cum. It was so hard to give Fay any sucks and cunt kisses while 
Sally was almost ready to cum on Eva's cloying mouth.

Jan's blonde head rose and fell in seductive rhythm as she gobbled her 
father's cock. Slushy sounds came from Jan's crotch where Dan was 
lapping and sucking his daughter's sweet, virginal pussy.

Sally felt like she had another hot balloon in her belly and cunt, 
ready to explode. Eva was sucking string after string from Sally's 
flexing clit. Fay whimpered and urged her pussy tighter to Sally's 
mouth.

"Damn it, Mom, make me cum!" Fay gasped, stroking her hips. Fay's cunt 
drooled wetness out on Sally's mouth. Eva's lips stopped sucking 
Sally's clit, and Sally lashed her tongue into Fay's cunt. She adored 
tongue-fucking her daughter.

"Uhhh, fuuuuuucking shiiiiit!" Fay cried. "My cunt's cumming!"

Eva went to work again on Sally's cunt. Fay softened and rested, 
leaving Sally free to concentrate on the sensations Eva was arousing in 
her cunt and clit. Sally lapped up pussy juice, Fay's cum wetness. 
Sally could enjoy that while Eva nibbled and gnawed at her cunt.

Suddenly Sally saw Jan lift her head from Dan's prick. Her pretty face 
twisted, her cute ass shook. Dan's face was buried up in his blonde 
daughter's cunt, and he had a finger pushed into Jan's dainty little 
asshole.

"Oh, Daddy!" Jan whimpered. "Ohhhh, my pussy is cumming! Ohhh, it's 
read good! I love that finger in my ass! Uhhhhh! Suck the fun out of my 
cunt! Uhhhh!"

Just as Jan had her cum, Sally felt the start of her own. The view of 
Dan's huge prick, all wet with Jan's saliva, shiny and hard, filled 
Sally with even more lust.

Sally shook and trembled in her cum, her cunt mouth clenching and 
tightening, her clit pulsing beautifully. Eva sucked the cunt flow from 
Sally's pussy. The whole family loved cunt juice and spunk.

"Oh, you sure came hard, Mom!" Fay giggled. She crawled from the bed, 
lurching into a chair, her pretty thighs sprawled open, her cunt very 
puffed.

Her cum finished, Sally rolled onto her back, and Eva slid up between 
Sally's legs. How sweet to feel her lovely young daughter's wet, slick 
pussy pressed to Sally's cunt.

Dan and Jan were changing positions, too. His finger was no longer in 
her asshole. She was on her back, and Dan moved between her long 
slender thighs.

"Oh, Daddy, please get your big long cock in my pussy!" Jan whined. "I 
need prick! Tear my cherry and shoot a big load of jizz up in my cunt!"

Dan, crouched on hands and knees, smiled down at his blonde young 
sexpot daughter.

"I've had my finger in there, Jan baby, and it's even tighter than 
Fay's cunt." Dan grinned. "I don't want to rip your cherry just yet, 
anyway. I want to enjoy your body and your mouth and tits, I want to 
think about it and look forward to it."

"Oh, Daddy, that's just mean!" Jan giggled. "You sure did eat the fun 
out of my pussy. I love that!"

"You suck a lot of cock, too, Jan." Dan chuckled. "You're very good at 
it. You almost sucked my jizz."

"Let me, Daddy! Please!" Jan pleaded. "You shot a big gob of spunk 
right at Eva's cunt. Shoot a load in my mouth!"

"I'd like to dump a wad up in your pretty little asshole, Jan." Dan 
smiled. "But it's even tighter than your pussy. The thing is, we don't 
want to get in a hurry here. You girls can have your fun and two of you 
can keep your cherries awhile."

"I heard that, Dad." Fay said. "I think it's mean, too. We want prick!"

Dan looked over at Fay. "You and Jan will get cock sooner than you 
think. Hell, enjoy."

Jan reached down and caressed her father's tensing prick, drooling with 
wetness. Shiny strings glistened in the light as they leaked down on 
Jan's belly. Jan giggled and smeared the dribblings on her pussy.

"Well, Daddy, do I get to suck your prick some more?" Jan asked her 
father.

"No, I want you on top." Dan grinned. "Get your little cunt hole at the 
root of my prick and get yourself off."

"Oh, Daddy, you sure are a lot of fun!" Jan giggled.

Sally watched Dan move down on his back, and Jan quickly straddled him. 
She dropped her swollen cunt against the base of his prick, rotating 
her ass.

"Oh, this is gooood!" Jan tittered. "My clit is right on your cock. 
Mom, did you ever try this way to fuck?" Sally shuddered. "No, Jan. 
Your father got his prick in me when we fucked. It's better that way."

"Oh, I know that!" Jan giggled. "Come on, Daddy, play with my tits. 
Ummmmm! If you won't rip my cherry today, please give me a lot of cum 
fun!"

"I'll make that little pussy cum so many times you'll fall over in a 
faint." Dan chuckled.

Eva's slow fuck thrusts brought Sally back to her own body. She spread 
her legs wide and tilted her cunt up so Eva could fuck it easily. The 
slick, wet, cloying smash of cunt on cunt shot stings of delight along 
Sally's body.

"What about me?" Fay asked, from her chair.

"Finger-fuck your cunt, Sis." Jan muttered. "Just don't rip your 
cherry!"

"Get one finger up your ass, too, Sis." Eva said.

"You think you're so damn smart, taking prick." Fay said. "Jan and me, 
we have to wait for it!"

"Girls, don't fight." Sally broke in. "Dan knows best. If your cunt is 
too tight for prick, okay. He doesn't want to hurt you or Jan. Now 
let's go ahead and enjoy ourselves.

"I'm having a good time, Mom." Eva whispered, thrusting her cunt slowly 
into her mom's swollen cunt.

"You sexy little fox." Sally breathed, hugging her daughter.

Eva continued to fuck slowly, lingering after each thrust. Sally felt 
Eva's little clit poking at her clit.

"Ohhh, I'm starting to cum, Daddy!" Jan gasped, her narrow ass bobbing 
up and down, around and around.

"let your pussy cum, Jan." Dan encouraged.

"Ohhhhh!" Jan whimpered, her cute ass flying. "Jesus, shit! My cunt's 
cumming, right now!"

Sally heard the sexy slap-slap of Jan's puffy cunt against her father's 
cock-root, and trembled with delight. Dan was hoarding his jizz. He 
might let Jan suck out a spunk load, and he might not. That was one 
thing that made Dan so appealing. Often he surprised Sally.

"Well, let your pussy cum, Jan." Dan urged, cupping her cutie-pie tits. 
"Have a big one!"

The swift, dramatic thrusts and bounces of Jan's hips was a delight to 
watch. Dan's wide grin told Sally again that the dainty blonde Jan was 
his favorite.

I hope I see Dan tear her cherry, Sally thought. I bet he could have 
forced his prick into Fay's cunt, too. He's like a big cat, playing 
with a mouse.

"Uhhhh, ohhhh, fuuuuucking shiiiit!" Jan wailed, her face twisted with 
lust. "Oh, Daddy, I'm cumming real big and hard!"

"That's the way to cum, baby." Dan muttered, squeezing Jan's cupcake-
sized tits. "Shoot your cum right at my prick!"

Sally watched Jan finish her cum, and Eva humped faster. The scene 
excited Eva, Too. Her cute little ass worked swiftly, her tiny clit 
tensing and throbbing. Suddenly she cried out, her slim body shook.

"Fuuuuuuck!" Eva whimpered. "Oh, Mom, cum with me!"

"I'm cumming, honey!" Sally moaned. "That's the way, fuck you little 
cunt right in my cunt! Ohhhhh, you sweet young thing! You feel so damn 
good!"

Sally felt the hot balloon explode in her belly, and a torrent of 
spasms gripped her cunt. She bucked and kicked, whimpering with joy. 
Eva down-fucked and Sally up-fucked. The slippery pussy flesh bouncing 
and squirming into Sally own leaky cunt hole gave her a delicious 
sensation.

Eva stopped thrusting and rested limply in the saddle of Sally's 
thighs. Both were panting unevenly, savoring the last twinges of their 
cums. Sally slid her right hand down to Eva's ass and pushed her finger 
into the tight little asshole.

"Oh that's good!" Eva breathed. "Mom, you awful thing, you!"

"It sure is nice and tight, Eva." Sally breathed.

Jan was so pretty, above her father, her legs tight at his sides, her 
cunt mashed to the root of his huge cock. His prickhead, resting on his 
belly, oozed a lot of fuck juice. His piss hole looked really big, like 
he was almost ready to shoot a wad of jizz.

A stream of yellow piss splashed across his belly. Jan looked down at 
his prick and giggled.

"Dad, that sure is sexy." Jan said. "Want me to piss?"

"Yeah, splash it all over my belly and balls." he muttered.

Jan laughed, lifted her drippy, swollen cunt, and a flow of yellow piss 
rushed from her cunt, mixing with Dan's piss. The flood of mingled piss 
dribbled and flowed, running down across Dan's belly and onto the 
bedsheet.

Sally felt Eva tremble. Eva looked at Sally. "Mom, let's piss, too! We 
both had our cums. Keep your finger up my ass, too."

Sally trembled, letting her piss go, and Eva began to flood Sally's 
cunt and asshole with warm, yellow piss. The rush of bladder liquid was 
almost like jizz splashing around on Sally's belly.

"Oh, that's good!" Eva exclaimed, her asshole tightening on Sally's 
deep finger. Eva settled down on Sally's body again.

Fay remained in the chair, legs apart, her finger fucking in and out of 
her swollen, hairless cunt. Her left hand cuddled her tits, first one, 
then the other.

Sally looked over at her pretty daughter. "Haven't you had your cum 
yet, honey?"

"No." Fay said. "Fuck! I want two or three more, at least!"

"Maybe that little cunt is all shot out for now." Sally giggled. "A 
pussy can't keep cumming forever."

"I'll make it cum or bleed!" Fay whimpered, her right hand whipping at 
her uptilted cunt.

"Cum, Fay!" Eva urged. "Cum big!"

"Uhhh, ohhhh, fuuuuucking shiiiit!" Fay cried, arching her hips even 
higher.

"Is it cumming now, honey?" Sally asked, trembling with excitement.

"Almost!" Fay whined, her long legs shaking. "Mom, say something real 
dirty! That'll make my cunt cum.

Sally stared at her daughter's hand-manipulated pussy. She did want to 
help Fay get her gun off one more time, at least.

"Cum, Fay, cum!: Sally cried. "Next time your father will get his prick 
up in your cunt and spray it with jizz! Can't you just feel all the 
prickmeat in your snug little cunt? Can't you feel his big balls 
pulling up? Can't you feel his big cock throb?"

"Uhh-ohhhh, fuuuuck!" Fay cried, her ass lifting. "Uhhhh-yes, it's 
cumming now, Mom! Oh, Jesus fucking shiiiit! My clit's cumming, my 
cunt's cumming!"

The shakes of Fay's body gave Sally deep pleasure. Helping her 
daughters have their cums was so utterly divine. Fay whimpered and 
continued to whip her pussy as she enjoyed her cum. Finally, her hand 
fell to her side, she slumped in the chair, eyes closed, breathing 
heavily. Dribbles of cunt juice oozed from her expanded cunt mouth. 
Fay's clit lost it's stiffness, disappeared into the folds of her cunt 
flesh at the upper reach of her puffed-out cunt.

Finally Fay opened her eyes and smiled at Sally. "Oh, Mom, that was 
wonderful! You know how to make my cunt cum real hard!"

"I'll do better the next time I tongue-fuck your pussy." Sally giggled. 
"A finger up your ass will make you cum even better."

"Mom, you're so filthy!" Fay giggled. "I've had it, kids. I gotta take 
a nap. My pussy really is shot out for now." The girls left.

"I can't get over the change in you, Sally." Dan said, his right hand 
fondling her tingling cunt. "You're better fucking than you ever were."

Sally giggled. "Now that the girls are gone, I can tell you, stud. I 
caught them playing with their cunts. Sitting and facing each other, 
tickling their clits. Before long they were eating pussy and cumming 
like veterans!"

Sally reached for his swelling, wet-headed cock and squeezed it. Her 
cunt was already drooling juice onto his fingers.

Dan chuckled. "How do you want my prick, Sally. Up the cunt or up the 
ass?"

"Oh, give me a good ass fuck, honey!" Sally breathed "I love your 
finger in it, but your cock is ten times better!"

"Well, turn over and lift your ass." Dan grinned. "I saved you a big 
load of jizz."

"Oh, I hoped it was for me!" Sally breathed. She moved onto her hands 
and knees, angling her ass and cunt upward.

"I better wet my prick in your cunt, first." Dan said.

"Yes!" Sally breathed. "It's right up there for you, honey."

Dan oozed his rigid cock into Sally's cunt. Her cunt fluttered and 
tightened on his big, burning prick.

"Oh, Dan!" Sally moaned. "Save my asshole for later! I need your prick 
right where it is! Jab your big gob of spunk in my cunt!"

"Feels damn good, baby." he muttered. "How come we never fucked this 
way before?"

"I was too bust being nice, Dan." Sally giggled. "I don't blame you if 
you got some pussy on the side, honest. I was too cold!"

"Yeahhhh." Dan said, fucking in three times, then resting. "You sure 
can tighten that cunt, Sally."

"It tightens when your prick ins in there!" Sally said. Fuck me good, 
Dan. Fuck me till my eyes pop out!"

Dan shuddered, his huge cock tensed in her eager cunt. He began 
stroking faster. The slap of his stomach against her ass, the feel of 
his big balls dangling against her thighs, sent tremors of delight all 
through her.

"Talk to me when you cum, baby." he muttered. "Dirty it up. I didn't 
realize you knew so much fuck talk."

"Ohhhh, fuck me harder, stud! Uhhhhh, ohhhhhh, fuck! I love it 
backside. My cunt's cumming, Dan! I'm gonna cum about three times! 
Ohhhh, my cunt's ready! Fuck me with your big hard cock! Uhhhh, ohhhhh, 
shiiiit, fuck!"

Dan groaned, his plunging prick throbbed, his balls knotted against her 
lower cunt lips, he bulled his cock at her so fast and deep he pushed 
her down flat on the bed.

He followed her down, fucking her spasming cunt.

"Cuuuuuunt!" he shouted. "That's good cuuuuuunt!"

Her cunt-clenches had the intensity she loved, which she hadn't felt 
since he had first fucked her. She was cumming, and cumming again. Her 
own cries of delight rang in her ears. The bed shook.

"I'm cumming again!" she whimpered, lifting her cunt as high as she 
could. "My cunt's cumming around you big, hard cock! Oh, Dan! This is 
the best fuck I've ever had in my whole life!"

His fuck-thrusts finally slowed. He gave her a few hard jabs. He sank 
down on her body, his prick still buried in her twitching cunt.

"Man, that's good cuuuuunt!" he said. "You sucked a big load of spunk, 
Sally."

She giggled and moved her cunt against his cock-root, her cunt lips 
twitching around his jizz-smeared prick.

"Honey, when you take your cock out, let me lap up the jizz, will you?" 
Sally breathed.

"Hey, sure." he said. "I like the way you eat my spunk. You can suck my 
cock, too."

"Ohhhhh, wonderful, honey!" she gasped.

He drew out, dropped onto his back at her left. Sally gazed at his 
jizz-smeared prick, and the beast in her took over. She leaped into 
position, she opened her lips and began lapping his jizz. She couldn't 
seem to get enough. What a hot bitch she was.



Chapter 6


"Well, come in, Lana." Sally smiled.

"I thought you'd never answer the door, Sally." Lana said.

"I was out by the pool." Sally answered. "As you can see, I'm wearing a 
bikini."

"You look just horribly sexy in it, too." Lana giggled, her green eyes 
gliding up and down Sally's body. Lana was a gorgeous redhead Sally had 
known awhile.

Today Lana wore very snug red shorts and a tank top that bulged with 
shapely tits. She had wide shoulders, long legs and a beautiful ass. 
Her husband was away most of the time. He was about twice Lana's age, 
and the redhead had often complained to Sally that she never got enough 
sex.

"Come on out and sit by the pool, honey." Sally offered, noticing how 
Lana's nipples indented the snug fabric of the tank top.

Lana gave Sally a ravishing smile. The twitch of her ass as she 
undulated ahead of Sally gave Sally an itch in the clit. "Where's that 
big sexy husband of yours, Sally?" Lana asked, moving out on the patio.

"Taking a nap. The girls went to a movie. Have a chair and rest your 
pretty butt."

"I'm glad you noticed, honey." Lana laughed. Her voice was throaty and 
sensual. Her mouth was thick, lips pouting outward. "You're the one 
with the cute figure, Sally."

They took deck chairs, Lana at Sally's left. It was a lazy Sunday 
afternoon. The three girls, Dan, and Sally had taken a rest all of 
Saturday. Sally was getting horny again. Her three darling daughters 
had awakened her urge for pussy. And Lana was acting very receptive.

Lana let her long legs spread apart, leaning back in the chair. Sally 
could see the line of Lana's cunt slit under the shorts. No panty line, 
either. Under those fetching shorts was bare cunt. And under the tank 
top were bare tits.

Lana giggled, her ass restless in the chair. "I'd sure like to get some 
of Dan's cock." She lowered her voice. "And I bet we could have some 
fun, too."

"You must be really hot in the pussy, Lana."

"God, I am, honey." Lana purred. "Ed's been gone two months. What the 
hell is a hard-up young wife supposed to do, anyway?"

"Finger your clit, honey."

"I'd rather have you finger it, Sally." Lana said, winking. She 
fluttered her tongue between her fleshy red lips, then jabbed it in and 
out.

"Or eat it, huh?" Sally smiled.

"Oh, would you, Sally? You can't imagine how damn hard-up I am! I've 
been considering buying one of those fake pricks!"

"I hear they really work." Sally said. "Especially when they vibrate."

"Stop teasing me, Sally." Lana pleaded. "Let's go somewhere right now 
and fuck!"

Sally laughed. Her cunt was turning wet. Dan surely wouldn't care. The 
last time Lana had dropped by, wearing tight shorts and a snug blouse, 
Dan had ogled her body.

"Well, come on in, Lana." Sally said. "I think we can find a nice place 
to enjoy ourselves."

Sally led the way upstairs toward the back, to a bedroom reserved for 
guests. Lana let her left tit jiggle against Sally's arm. When the door 
closed, Lana whirled and glued her mouth to Sally's opening lips. 
Lana's tongue went swiftly into Sally's mouth. Lana's cunt mound pushed 
warmly at Sally's bikini panty.

As Sally softened, enjoying the lithe redhead's tongue and mouth, 
Lana's arms clamped around Sally's naked waist, drawing their cunt 
curves more snugly together.

Lana stroked her hips in slow motions. Her long legs opened, and she 
whined into Sally's mouth. Trembling, Sally stroked back, feeling her 
nipples stiffen. Her clit began to tingle. How nice it was to feel a 
hot pussy her own age. Lana tore her mouth free, breathing unevenly. 
"God, you're delicious, Sally! I never saw you look so sexy! I'm hot 
for Dan, too, but I want your cunt, honey. I need your cunt real bad!"

"I'm sure Dan would like a red-headed pussy like you." Sally giggled. 
"Did you know he's got ten inches of prick?"

"Oh, hell!" Lana gasped. "I just knew he was well hung!"

"When he fucks that big cock in my cunt I go nuts." Sally teased. "Get 
your clothes off, Lana. We're gonna fuck!"

"Yes!" Lana gasped. She broke free and quickly lowered her shorts, then 
lifted the tank top away. Her auburn cunt bush opened down the center 
to show her swelling cunt lips, the stiff pink clit peeking out at the 
top.

Sally shivered, removing her mini bikini. Lana stared at Sally's naked 
body, and her tongue shot out, the tip wiggling. Lana's tits were 
beautiful, high and thrusting, with long coral nipples.

Lana backed to the bed and fell across it, her legs opened, her puffy 
cunt arched upward. Her sexy tits stood up like creamy mountains.

Sally crawled onto the bed, right between Lana's spread thighs. Their 
cunts slushed together, their tits mashed close, and Sally started 
fucking that sexy, red-bushed cunt.

"Uhhhh, that's good, honey!" Lana breathed, up-fucking. Her long legs 
made a wide V. The curly bush of Lana's cunt hair mingled with Sally's 
dark cunt hair.

"Oh, I've sure been wanting to fuck you, Sally!" Lana gasped, her hands 
digging at Sally's busy ass. "Feel our clits? Uhhhh! Jesus, you sure 
know how to fuck a cunt, Sally!"

Sally ground her cunt at Lana's cunt, feeling the sweet, cloying pussy 
lips pressing into her own cunt. Sally jiggled her hips.

"I'm already cumming, Sally! Ahhh! Ohhh, shit fuck sonofabitch! Ram 
your cunt hard, Sally! Uhhhh! Ohhh, my cunt's cumming! Jeeeeesus, fuck, 
it's cumming real big!"

Sally shook with lust. She didn't try to drag it out, she went for the 
goodies. Their cunts slapped together, Sally felt the redhead's clit 
pulse. Lana's clit was a lot longer and better developed than Sally's 
daughters clits.

Lana squealed. Her quick thrusts almost tossing Sally off the cumming 
redhead. The mouth of Sally's cunt clenched in quick rhythm, and 
Sally's own clit throbbed. Sometimes a quick cum was the best kind.

"Uhhh!" Sally whined, driving her cunt furiously at the writhing cunt 
beneath her. The connection was so slippery with cunt juice Sally could 
hardly keep their pussies joined. The surges of Sally's cum fed her 
craving for cunt.

Lana's legs dropped, she lay there panting, keeping her cunt tipped up 
high for Sally's pleasure.

"Let me eat your pussy, Sally!" Lana breathed. "Let me suck the cum 
right out of your cunt!"

Sally rolled over on her back, and Lana leaped between Sally's opened 
thighs. The redhead dropped her face down on Sally's crotch and started 
lapping up the cunt flow from Sally's puffed-out cunt. But Lana didn't 
turn around so the could do sixty-nine. Sally arched her crotch up and 
watched the greed-mouthed redhead eat her pussy.

After Lana had lapped and sucked the fuck juice from Sally's cunt 
mouth, the redhead's silky lips fastened onto Sally's clit. The redhead 
moaned fiercely as she sucked Sally's tender, stiff, quivering clit. As 
Lana continued her pleasant chore, Sally saw the bedroom door open 
slowly.

Dan's head appeared, then his big, naked body. His cock stood up and 
out, fuck juice already leaking from his piss hole. He grinned and held 
his finger to his lips.

He crawled quickly onto the bed, gripped Lana's hips and found her cunt 
with his prick. As he fucked his monster cock into Lana's curved-up 
cunt, Lana cried against Sally's cunt.

"Mmmm, ffff, ohhhhh, fuuuuuck!"

"Damn it, suck my clit, I'm ready to cum!" Sally whimpered.

"Uhhh, ohhh, fuuuuck. Dan's got his prick in my cunt!"

"Well, make me cum, Lana, or I'll tell Dan to take his cock out of your 
cunt!" Sally cried.

"Oh, fuck, shit!" Lana moaned. He lips sucked Sally's clit.

"Uhhhh, my cunt's cumming! That's it, suck the shit out of my clit, 
Lana! Ohhhhh!"

Lana kept her mouth glued to Sally's cumming cunt. Sally whimpered with 
relief, and Dan grinned down at her, fucking his prick in and out of 
the redhead's cunt.

"Damn good pussy, Lana!" Dan chuckled. "Real tight around my prick. 
Hold your ass still, baby."

Lana lifted her mouth from Sally's cunt. Lana's face twisted with 
passion as Dan fucked his cock in and out of her cunt. The bed jiggled, 
Lana's beautiful tits shook with each hard jab of Dan's prick. His 
crotch began slapping Lana's ass cheeks.

"I've been wondering when I'd get my cock in your cunt, Lana." Dan 
muttered. "I heard you two in here fucking. I could hear you telling 
clear downstairs. I'm glad I woke up, though. This is really good 
cunt."

"Fuck her good and hard, honey!" Sally breathed, smiling up at her 
husband. "Her old man doesn't give her nearly enough hot, hard prick. 
She's a good woman-fuck, too."

"Oh, sweet fucking shit!" Lana wailed. "Fuck faster, Dan. I'm cumming! 
Uhhhh! Fuck a big load of jizz up in my cunt, stud! Fill it clear full 
of your spunk! That old fucker I married can't get it up anymore! I 
suck it and play with it and rub my tits on it. His old tired nuts 
won't pull up!"

"My nuts are pulling up, baby." Dan growled. "Can you feel my balls 
against your cunt? Hang onto your tits, baby, I'm gonna fuck a load of 
jizz clear up in your throat!"

"Uhhhh, fuck!" Lana cried. "Yes! Yes! Jesus, I can feel your balls, 
now! Uhhhhh! My cunt's cumming! It's cumming like a freight train on a 
downhill pull! Uhhhh! My cunt's going crazy! Oh, fucking shit 
sonofabitch!"

Sally shuddered, feeling the hard shudders of Lana's tits and 
shoulders. The jolts of Dan's fuck-thrusts were almost like Sally was 
getting fucked herself. Just as Dan completed his fuck, Sally felt 
spunk dribbling from Lana's cunt onto her own cunt. The feel of jizz on 
her tender cunt was really good.

"God damn, that's good!" Lana gasped, mashing her whole body down on 
Sally's body.

"I'm not through fucking your cunt yet, baby." Dan said.

"Oh, Dan, I went off so hard I gotta rest!" Lana gasped. She slid away 
and flopped on her back at Sally's side. Lana's cunt was smeared with 
spunk, all through her cunt hair, along her belly. The rich aromas made 
Sally's cunt itch and her mouth water.

Dan crouched there, his prick still rigid, gouts of jizz drooling from 
his prickhead.

"Turn over, Sally." he said. "I'm gonna fuck you in the ass."

"Yes!" Sally exclaimed. Quickly she rolled over and crouched on her 
hands and knees, her ass tipped up high. She had been hoping for this, 
his cock in her asshole, and now he wanted it. Sally was disappointed 
with Lana. All that yelling and cursing, then one big cum had pooped 
her. Of course Lana had had some cums with Sally, but Dan's cock had 
driven her bananas. A beautiful big cock. Lana had surely never had so 
much hot prick in her cunt.

Dan gripped Sally's hips, her dipped his cockhead in her fleshed-out 
cunt, and then centered on her as pucker. Dan knew that one big prick 
lunge into Sally's cunt would make her cum. Dan wanted to feel her cum 
with his cock up her ass. It felt so wonderful in her ass, so very snug 
and sensual.

"Sally, is he going to fuck you in the ass?" Lana breathed. The redhead 
was flat on her back, legs spread, her flushed cunt oozing Dan's jizz.

"Yes, I adore his cock in my ass." Sally breathed.

"God!" Lana gasped. "I never had a fuck that way!"

"Where have you been, honey?" Sally asked. Dan's cockhead began to 
spread the snug circle of her assflesh. His jizz and her friend's cunt 
juice made enough slickness.

"Yeahhh!" Dan said, pushing his big, burning prick slowly into Sally's 
twitching asshole.

"Jesus, I gotta watch this!" Lana gasped, moving to her hands and 
knees. She peered at Sally's ass, where Dan was fucking his prick in 
carefully.

The feel of his cock, his big balls dangling down on her leaky cunt, 
where her cunt juice wet them, sent hot tremors through her body. 
"Ohhh, Dan!" Sally wailed. "That cock of yours is clear up in my 
liver!"

"Lana didn't want any more cunt fucking, so you get the next wad of 
spunk, Sally." Dan muttered.

"I had such a hard cum!" Lana protested. "I never went off so fucking 
hard in my whole life!"

"Well, if you ring that cunt around here, Baby, you better be able to 
cum hard and a lot of times." Dan said.

"I'll do better, you two!" Lana said. "My cunt's gettin' hot again 
right now."

"You're gonna have to wait for cock, Lana." Dan said. "I got it rammed 
up Sally's ass, and it's damn good."

"Ohhhh, it sure is!" Sally whined, back-thrusting her hips.

"Jeeeesus, Ed never did that, even when he could get a hard-on." Lana 
said.

"Didn't you fuck a few other guys before Ed?" Sally giggled.

"I was really into pussy for a lot of years." Lana said. "Go ahead and 
fuck, Dan. My cunt's on fire! I'm ready for your prick again!"

"Play your fingers on your cunt, Lana." Dan chuckled. "You got a good 
tight cunt. I'll fuck it again if you keep it wet and ready."

"I hate to finger-fuck my cunt." Lana said. "Look at my fingernails."

"Why don't you spread out under Sally's head, and she'll tongue-fuck 
your cunt." Dan said.

"Why, you awful thing, you!" Sally cried. "Come on Lana, bring it down 
here. I'll eat your cunt and make it cum!"

"Ohhhh, I love to be sucked!" Lana breathed. She slid around and worked 
her cunt directly beneath Sally mouth.

The hairy lips of the redhead's cunt were still creamed with some of 
Dan's spunk, and Sally trembled with greed. Sally licked the spun up 
into her mouth, getting every drop of the jizz she could. The kinky 
hair on Lana's cunt tickled Sally's tongue, but she finished, and 
started playing the tip of her tongue up and down Lana's cunt slit.

"Uhhhh, that's good!" Lana whined. Her crotch swung higher, and Sally 
sneaked her right hand under the sexy redhead's ass.

Sally began to stroke her tongue deep into the hot, slick, quivering 
cunt gash.

"Oh, you're good, Sally!" Lana cried softly. "You sure can eat pussy! 
Ohhhh!"

With a mouth full of eager, slick cunt, Sally couldn't answer. Dan's 
huge prick was fucking sweetly in and out of Sally's twitching ass. The 
measured rhythm of his fuck-strokes made Sally's inner asshole clench.

"That's it, suck my clit!" Lana moaned, her long legs trembling. "Fuck, 
that's good! Don't stop now, Sally. Uhhhh!"

Sally wet her finger in Lana's cunt and began pushing it up the red-
head's ass.

"Ohhh, fucking shiiiit!" Lana cried. "You dirty thing, you! Uhhhh, but 
it feels so good! Keep it going! I'm gonna cum all over the place!"

"Yeah, let me see you cum with Sally's tongue in your cunt, baby." Dan 
said. "That's a nice, big pair of tits."

"I love to have then sucked and played wit, stud!" Lana panted. "Dan, 
I'm sorry I couldn't take any more of your cock. I had such a big, wild 
cum it took the top of my head off!"

"Yeah, your cunt tightened pretty good, Lana." Dan chuckled. "You want 
my prick up your ass?"

"Ohhh, not now, Dan!" Lana cried. "Sally's got her finger in my ass. 
Jeeeesus, it's good! Your pretty wife can sure eat cunt, Dan. Ohhh, 
fuuuuck! Ohhhh, Sally, I'm cumming!"

Sally trembled with delight as Lana had her leg-kicking, ass-clenching 
cum. Lana's long, thick cunt pulsed, her hips pressing at Sally's 
sucking mouth. Her cunt mouth clamped.

Sally fastened her mouth to Lana's quivering cunt hole and suctioned 
out the flow of cum. It was so sweet and tasty. Lana's cunt mouth was 
still twitching.

"That's good cunt, honey." Sally commented. She looked around at Dan. 
"Thanks for not making me cum while I was eating Lana's cunt, honey. 
Now will you fuck my ass and make me cum? I need it! It feels so 
fucking good up my ass!"

"Yeah, baby." Dan muttered. His measured strokes, the deep hard thrusts 
into her ass, shot tremors all through Sally's body. Lana crawled 
around so she could watch Dan fuck Sally asshole.

Sally cried out as the first pulses of her cum shook her cunt and ass 
and clit. The action of Dan's huge cockhead in her ass almost knocked 
her flat on the bed, but she kept her doggie pose.

"Uhhh, fuuuuuuck!" Sally wailed. "Shoot your jizz now, Dan! I want to 
feel your prick throb! I can't wait! Show Lana how you squirt a load up 
my asshole!"

"Yeah, I'm ready to drop my spunk, baby." Dan growled, his crotch 
slapping at Sally's ass cheeks.

"Oh, his balls are pulling up, Sally!" Lana breathed, her face only 
inches from Sally's upturned ass. "He's gonna pump his spunk up in your 
ass!"

"Ughhhh!" Sally cried. "My asshole is cumming! My cunt is cumming! Fuck 
your spunk now, Dan! Fuck it hard!"

Dan fucked Sally's ass with bull thrusts, he groaned, his strokes 
quickened. His cockhead seemed to reach all the way up between her 
shaking tits. He was cumming.

"Fuuuuck!" Dan shouted, fucking his prick in even harder. His prick 
throbbed. Her ass was clamping and spasming.

"Dan, I can feel your jizz squirting up my ass!" Sally whined. "Fuck it 
good and hard, honey! God, that's good!"

Sally's knees gave way. Dan followed her down, his ass stroking with 
pile-driver force. His last fuck-thrusts moved her along the bed. She 
felt spunk oozing out around his thrusting prick. Finally he settled 
down, his huge cock still crammed into her fluttering asshole.

"Jeeesus, I never saw anything like that!" Lana breathed. She sat with 
her thighs apart, her right hand on her cunt. Her long fingernails kept 
her from doing a correct job on her shiny pink clit. Sally watched, her 
ass filled with vibrant prick.

"Lana, you gotta take those damn long fingernails off." Sally giggled. 
"You can't make yourself cum that way."

"How do you make your cunt cum at home, anyway?" Dan asked.

Lana giggled. "I get in the shower stall and let the pulse spray shoot 
water on my clit."

"Yeah, I'd like to see that." Dan chuckled. "You never had a hot prick 
up your asshole?"

"No! It sure as hell looks wonderful!" Lana breathed.

"When a woman hasn't had a fuck in a long time, her cunt really gets 
slick." Sally said. "I like your cunt, honey. We can have some pussy 
fun every once in a while."



Chapter 7


"Daddy, is today when you pick my cherry?" Fay giggled, posing in front 
of Dan.

Sally shivered. It was Thursday evening. The whole family was out by 
the pool. The day had been hot, and now the air temp was just right.

The girls wore the tiniest bikinis Sally had ever seen. Sally's own 
bikini was mini enough. The snug panty barely hid her thatch of curly 
dark cunt hair. Her pretty young daughters didn't have to worry about 
that. Except for Eva they had no fuzz on their cunts.

"Yes, Fay, tonight I'm going to pluck your pussy rose." Dan grinned. He 
was sprawled at ease in a deck chair, his swim trunks showing his huge 
prick lump. He'd had to go out of town on business, and Sally hadn't 
had him in her bed since the fuck and suck party with Lana.

Sally could not remember when she'd been so horny. She hadn't boxed her 
cunt, and the girls said they hadn't played and pussy games recently.

"Oh, I sure need it!" Fay trilled, wiggling her ass, arching her tits 
out. "Daddy, does my pussy look good?"

"It'll look better naked, Fay." Dan grinned.

Jan undulated up beside Fay. "Daddy, when are you going to bust my 
cherry? Eva's been telling Fay and me how damn good your big cock feels 
in her pussy. We need it bad!"

"Girls." Sally giggled. "Don't rush you father. When he gets ready, 
he'll pluck a cherry, and not before."

Fay sighed. "Well, Daddy, you can at least eat Jan and me. You sure do 
suck a mean cunt!"

Dan laughed, his eyes sliding up and down his sexy daughters' bodies. 
Sally, seated at his right, noticed that his prick bulge was growing in 
size.

Eva giggled, moving up behind Sally's chair. "Why cool off a hot 
pussy?"

Jan said, "Daddy, why don't you bring your nice big cock out and let me 
suck it?"

"Oh, me too!" Fay exclaimed.

"I think I'll play with Mom's tits." Eva giggled, sliding her hands 
down into Sally's snug bikini halter. "Mother dear, you sure have a 
beautiful set of tits!"

"How do you think I kept your father at home all these years?" Sally 
giggled. "Of course he likes my cunt."

"And your good tight asshole, too." Dan chuckled. He stood up and slid 
his swim trunks to the deck, returning to the chair.

"Oh, that's a sexy prick!" Jan breathed. "I can't believe you got all 
that hot meat up in Eva's cunt!"

"It's damn snug in my cunt, Jan." Eva said. She was unfastening Sally's 
bikini halter, her warm fingers stroking and squeezing. Sally shivered, 
her nipples turning hard.

"Isn't that what you want, Daddy?" Fay tittered, staring at Dan's huge, 
high, hard prick. She couldn't take her eyes off of it, either. Her 
cunt was already oozing fuck juice out in to her tight bikini panty.

"Good snug pussy is what a man wants, girls." Dan grinned. "Now show me 
your little cunts."

Fay and Jan giggled, removed their halters and pushed their bikini 
panties to the deck. Sally stared at Fay's cunt, then at Jan's cunt. 
They were so cute and alluring.

The two girls wiggled and danced in front of Dan, writhing their sweet, 
tight asses. Jan opened her long legs and stroked her hips like she was 
fucking. Dan applauded. Fay spread her legs, then turned around so her 
father could see her ass.

"Yeah." Dan said, his prick stiffening. "Show me your asshole, Jan. 
Spread your ass cheeks apart so I can get a good look."

Jan laughed, turned her back to Dan, and both girls pulled their ass 
cheeks away from the crack so Dan could see their pretty tight little 
assholes.

Eva whispered in Sally's ear. "Mom, while they're screwing around with 
Daddy, let's fuck."

"Oh, Eva, play with my tits some more." Sally breathed. She enjoyed 
tit-fondling almost as much as she enjoyed clit-play.

Dan was teasing his prick and droplets of prick dew oozed out on his 
big cockhead.

"Jan, we're getting his juice up!" Fay giggled.

Sally watched her pretty young daughters drop their hands to their 
cunts and open their cunt slits. Both tiny pink clits were clearly in 
sight. "That's better, girls." Dan grinned. "Bring your cunt over here, 
Fay, and get it used to the feel of prick."

"No fair!" Jan protested. "My cunt wants cock, too!"

"Me first!" Fay exclaimed, moving in close to Dan, standing between his 
legs.

He sat straight up, aimed his cock with his right hand, and Fay was 
just tall enough to touch her cunt to his cockknob.

"Ohhh!" Fay giggled. "Daddy, that's good!"

"You hold my prick, Fay. Play my cockhead on your clit."

Sally watched Fay grip Dan's prick and start her clit-prick play. Fay's 
legs quivered as she danced Dan's cockhead against her pink, stiff 
clit. Eva, Jan, and Sally stared at the scene.

"Mom, take your panties off." Eva said. "I want to eat your cunt."

"Oh, you little devil, you!" Sally gasped. "Okay, daughter, dear. I 
sure need it!"

Fay whimpered, her cute little ass quivering. Her virginal cunt mouth 
was turning juicy, her tiny pink clit was swollen. She was gripping 
Dan's shoulders, whipping her hand, jazzing his cock knob against her 
dainty swelling cunt mouth.

"Ohhh, Daddy, I'm cumming!" Fay wailed. "Ohhhh! I want your prick in my 
cunt! Uhhhh! Ohhh, fuuuuuck!"

Fay's hips stroked, but she couldn't drive her father's cock into her 
cumming cunt. She stood there, shaking with joy, while she finished her 
cum.

Sally watched Eva crouch between her wide open thighs. Seeing Fay come 
by rolling Dan's prickhead against her dainty little clit made Sally's 
cunt ache fiercely. Fuck-juice was oozing from her cunt, wetting her 
dark cunt bush.

"Oh, that's a beautiful cunt, Mom!" Eva giggled, staring at Sally's 
swelling, leaking cunt.

"Suck it, honey!" Sally breathed. "Suck the fucking cum right out of my 
fucking cunt!"

"Keep talking, Mom!" Eva giggled, her pretty mouth aiming at Sally's 
uptilted cunt.

"Yeah, I like it." Dan grinned, looking over at Sally.

Fay staggered and backed away, dropping into a deck chair. Jan leaped 
forward, taking Fay's place. Dan reached out and played with his blonde 
daughter's cunt. Jan was his favorite, all right.

"That's a very cute little pussy, Jan." Dan said, sliding his finger up 
into her cunt.

"Ohhhhh!" Jan giggled. "That's so damn good!"

Dan slid his finger in and out. Jan's pretty face twisted with 
pleasure, her hips curled toward his hand.

"You fucked Eva!" She breathed. "Daddy you just gotta get that big 
prick in me!"

"I'll get my cock in your cunt, baby." Dan chuckled. He glanced over at 
Fay. "But like I promised, Fay gets her cherry popped first. Okay, Jan, 
bring your cunt over here."

Jan moved quickly, arching her cunt forward, gripping Dan's cock in her 
right hand. Her cute pussy was already puffy and wet, her pink clit 
standing up stiffly.

"Don't be in a rush, like Fay was." Sally laughed. "Get a lot of fun 
out of it, Jan, honey. Maybe Dan'll be so excited he'll pour a load of 
jizz in your cunt."

"I sure like to see that spunk!" Fay breathed, watching Jan and Dan. 
"Come on, Daddy, shoot a big load at Jan's pussy!" "What I want to see 
is your father's big prick stretching your cunt, Fay." Sally said. 
"Come on, Eva, suck my cunt. Suck my clit and poke a finger up my ass! 
Make me cum hard!"

She shuddered as she felt Eva's finger push up into her asshole. It 
went in smoothly. Sally's ass clenched sweetly. Suddenly Eva's mouth 
was clamped to her cunt. Strings of sheer delight spread through her 
crotch and belly. Her clit stiffened.

Jan was taking her time with Dan's prick against her dainty, swelling 
cunt mouth. Her flesh seemed to cling to Dan's cockhead.

"Daddy, I gotta cum now!" She wailed, her cute ass quivering.

"Well, cum, Sis." Fay said. "You sure took long enough!"

"I have to get all the goodies I can, damn it!" Jan gasped. "Uhhhh! 
Ohhh, Daddy, here comes my cum! Uhhhh! Fuuuucking shiiiiit!"

Sally loved every word and every stroke of Eva's busy tongue. Eva's 
finger up her ass, Eva's clinging mouth on her cunt, gave her the 
thrills she'd been missing. Waiting and waiting for Dan's prick was 
just awful.

Jan shook and whimpered as she ended her cum on Dan's cockhead. Sally 
could see her blonde daughter's rosy red clit standing high, right 
above the head of Dan's swollen pussy-wet prick. His face looked taut. 
He'd be shooting his load of spunk before very long.

Pretty Jan backed away and dropped her ass in to a chair. Sally was 
well aware that her cute daughters could not cum time after time. A cum 
took a lot out of her sexy daughters. Already Fay was moving over 
between her father's strong, hairy legs, staring at his huge, pussy-
slick prickhead.

"Not this way, Fay." Dan muttered. "Get your cute ass over on the patio 
cushion. I want some cunt around my prick."

Fay backed away, turned, and ran to the thick patio cushion. It was 
filled with air, about a foot thick. She spread her legs and tipped her 
cunt up.

Dan pushed himself up and walked slowly to the cushion where Jan lay. 
He stood over her, slowly stroking the jutting shaft of his thick, ten 
inch cock. "You sure you wanna do this, Fay?"

"Ohhh, yes!" Fay trilled. "Ram you cock clear through me, Daddy! Bust 
my cherry and shoot a big load of spunk up in my cunt!"

Dan crawled above her, brought her long legs back with his shoulders, 
and slanted his swollen prickhead at her cuntlips.

With his eyes holding hers, Dan lowered his hips slowly.

"Ohhh!" Fay cried out, her legs shaking. "Oh, Daddy, it's going in my 
cunt!"

Sally watched the play of muscles in Dan's ass, the curve of his back, 
his big balls. Jan moved around behind him, so he could see better. 
Sally wished she could get a close-up look too, but Eva was giving her 
too much tongue. Eva could sure eat cunt.

The faint slurping sounds of Eva's clinging mouth, the stroke of Eva's 
tongue in her cunt, shot more blades of joy through Sally's body.

"Jeeesus, that's good, Eva!" she cried, her tits shaking in her cupping 
hands. "Make my cunt cum, Eva! Make it cum right now!"

Curling her hips forward so Eva could have more freedom to jab her 
finger in her asshole, Sally opened her thighs further. Eva's right 
hand shot down to her cunt, and rolled her tensing clit. That did it.

"My cunt's cumming, Eva!" Sally cried. "Uhhh, fuuuuck!"

Her ass tightened on Eva's finger, her cunt clenched on Eva's poking 
tongue, her hand-teased clit pulsed wildly.

Sally moaned, drinking in the heaven of her violent cum. Eva's finger 
came out of her twitching asshole, Eva's mouth lifted from her puffed-
out cunt. Eva's face was all wet with Sally's cunt flow, and she 
giggled, smacking her lips.

"That sure is a sexy cunt, Mom!" Eva smiled, staring at Sally's 
drooling cunt. "Now I'm lap up your cunt juice."

Sally trembled as her daughter sipped and sucked her wet protruding 
cunt flesh. Eva lapped up every drop of cum flow.

On the patio pad, Dan was having a problem with Fay's cunt. He was not 
having much success forcing his prick into Fay's uptilted, virginal 
pussy.

"Daddy, come on, get your cock in me!" Fay whined. "I don't care if it 
hurts, Daddy! Fuck your prick in me! Bust my cherry and make me cum!"

Sally watched Dan's ass muscles quiver. This was a big moment for him, 
plucking a dainty young cherry.

Fay flinched, and her legs quivered, and Dan grunted. His huge fuck 
knob was squeezing into Fay's virginal cunt.

"Yeahhh!" Dan muttered, his back arched, his narrow hips moving up 
slowly between Fay's thighs. Fay yelped, her face showing pain, as he 
tore her cherry, then a happy smile touched her face. She was feeling 
her very first hot prick.

"Ohhhh, shiiiit!" Fay cried, clutching her father's strong shoulders. 
"It's going in my cuuuuunt! Ohhhh, it's big!"

She doesn't know how good just yet, Sally thought, shaking with lust. 
Wait till he fills her cunt with spunk. Wait till she cums around her 
father's cock.

"Oh, Daddy, I love your cock! My cunt is crammed with your prickmeat!"

Dan let his prick soak in his daughter's cunt for several seconds. His 
handsome face contorted with pleasure. He began to stroke. The flex of 
his ass muscles, the easy rhythm of his thrusts, filled Sally with 
awful envy. How he could fuck! A few deep strokes, then a pause. Fay's 
head rolled from side to side, she was in a sex coma, adoring every 
jab, every smooth drive of his cock.

"That's a good place to fuck, Mom." Eva said to Sally. "See Fay's ass 
bobbing up and down!"

"Dan likes a good springy mattress, honey." Sally murmured, her cunt 
leaking more juice. "See him using his knees and arms? He's letting the 
air mattress do his fucking."

"I sure do want my turn at Daddy's cock!" Eva breathed. "But I guess 
Jan'll be the next pussy. Look at Jan's asshole! Isn't it cute? I think 
I'll go over and slide a finger up her shitter. She can have her cum 
while she's watching Fay take Daddy's big, sexy, cock!"

"Hurry back, Eva." Sally giggled. "I want to eat your pussy!"

Eva giggled and moved over beside Jan. She began playing around with 
Jan's pretty little asshole pucker. Jan tipped her ass backward, still 
watching Fay take prick, her own father's big, rigid prick.

"Ohhh, Daddy!" Fay cried. "Ohhh, I'm cumming! Fuck me faster, Daddy! 
Ohhhh, Jeeeesus, shit! Uhhhhh!"

Sally trembled and crawled over near her pretty daughters. Both were 
crouched so they could see every stroke of their father's cock. Now 
Sally could hear the squish of Fay's cunt every time he stroked deep. 
When Dan came out, Sally could see the redness of cherry blood in Fay's 
cunt juice. The goop was trickling down on Fay's ass crack.

"Oh, look!" Jan cried. "Daddy's nuts are pulling up! He's gonna squirt 
his load in Fay's cunt."

Fay squealed, Dan stroked fast, his big balls knotted against the root 
of his prick, and his yell of triumph rang around the pool enclosure. 
The flex of his ass muscles, the furious strokes of his hips, sent 
waves of lust through Sally's cunt and belly.

Fay's orgasm passed, her slender legs dropped from Dan's shoulders. Dan 
stroked into her snug pussy a few more times, grimacing with the 
excruciating pleasure of the velvety caress on his super-sensitive 
cock-knob.

"On your back, Dan!" Sally gasped. "Let me suck up your fuck juice!"

Dan nodded, sank down on the cushiony deck pad, and Sally scrambled 
around between his sprawled legs. Sally crouched and lowered her head 
to Dan's crotch. The taste of spunk and cunt and blood made her own 
cunt throb with excitement. She licked his hairy nuts, gently holding 
his balls in her hands. She lapped the fuck-mix from Dan's still-hard 
prick. He grinned down at her. "You sure like to eat cock, Sally."

"Mmmm, ffff, ghhhh!" she muttered, her mouth full of his cock.

What excited her now was the view of Eva sucking the spunk and blood 
and cunt juice from Fay's swollen pussy. Eva really adored sucking 
cunt. Her tongue was as long as a short prick. The lap-lap-lap of Eva 
going after her pretty sister's cunt was music in Sally's ears.

Eva wasn't going to stop. She was pushing a finger up Fay's ass, and 
her mouth was glued to Fay's uptilted cunt.

"Jeeeeeesus, Eva!" Fay whimpered. "You got a tongue a mile long! Uhhhh! 
Just keep fucking my cunt with it!"

Fay's arms flopped on the resilient deck pad, her long pretty legs 
quivered. Sally could hear the luscious sound of Eva gnawing her 
sister's just-fucked cunt. Eva had licked up almost every drop of Dan's 
gushing spunk load. Now Eva was going to make her sister cum with her 
long tongue and sucking lips.

"Give my cock a rest, Sally." Dan grinned. "You got all the cunt juice 
and jizz."

"Oh, Daddy, let me suck your cock!!" Jan implored.

"After a while, sweet blonde baby." Dan chuckled. "Why don't you eat 
your mothers cunt. It looks like it needs sucking."

"You're so mean, Daddy!" Jan giggled. "I sure wish you'd tear my 
cherry!"

"Tell you what, blondie." Dan smiled. "Bring your pussy over her and 
I'll play with it while you eat your mothers cunt."

"I'll go for that!" Sally gasped. She arranged herself on the cushiony 
pad so Jan could eat her cunt. Jan's cunt was now within easy reach of 
Dan's right hand. As Jan began to lick her mouth up and down on Sally's 
cunt slit, she saw Dan's hand disappear behind Jan's pretty, round ass.

"Oh, Mom, I'm going to love eating you cunt!" Jan giggled, her hands 
wedging beneath Sally's ass. Sally arched her cunt toward her blonde 
daughter's opening lips, and Jan glued her mouth to Sally's cunt. Jan's 
tongue wasn't as long as Eva's, but it certainly felt wonderful.

"Oh, Jan, that's lovely!" Sally moaned. The view of Dan's half-hard 
cock resting on his belly was terribly tempting. But if he wanted to 
rest his prick, that was what he should do.

As pretty Jan sucked the thrills out of Sally's cunt, the sound of Fay 
cumming against Eva's suctioning mouth filled her with happiness.

"Uhhh, ohhhh, fuuuuck!" Fay cried shrilly. "You're sucking the fun 
right out of my cunt!"

Her legs kicked, her tits arched upward and her face twisted with lust. 
Dan's cock was swelling again. The sound of his daughter cumming was 
exciting him.

I just hope he can fuck Eva and me, Sally thought. Fay's had her big 
gush of jizz, she's had her cum around Dan's prick. He won't fuck Jan, 
he's saving her pretty virginal cunt for some other time. She could 
just reach Dan's rigid prick. She took it on her hand and felt a sweet 
surge of more cum thrills in her twitching cunt.

"That brought my cock up, Sally!" Dan chuckled. "Now some cunt is gonna 
get fucked."



Chapter 8


"Eva, I think it's time I fucked you up the ass." Dan said, grinning at 
his oldest daughter.

"Daddy, I only hope you can!" Eva trilled.

Sally rested amid her beautiful daughters, all laying in deck chairs by 
the pool. Eva sat on Sally's left, Fay and Jan at Sally's right. Dan 
sat away from the group, his cock dangling between his legs.

"Daddy, you can't get that big cock up anybody's ass." Jan giggled. 
"It's soft!" Dan laughed. "If one of you sexy pussies will come over 
here and suck it and rub your tits on it, my cock will come right up."

"Sally, you suck his prick!"

"Come on, Mom!" Fay said. "We want to see you gobble Dad's cock. I bet 
you really know how!"

"If I suck his prick I want to fuck it!" Sally giggled.

"Well, Dad'll give you some prick in the cunt, won't you, Dad?" Jan 
asked. "Or up the asshole." Dan grinned.

Sally shook with lust as she left her chair and sank to her knees 
between Dan's strong, muscular legs. She placed a pillow under her 
knees. She wanted to be there a long time.

Just the odor of his prick and nuts started her cunt juices flowing. 
Her tits were already as big as they could get. They ached for kisses 
and rubs. The view of Dan's cock, as it began to enlarge, made her moan 
with delight.

Sally fitted her swollen tits against Dan's prick and rolled her tit 
flesh against his balls.

"Yeah." Dan chuckled. "Sally, you have the sexiest pair of tits I ever 
saw. They're getting my prick up."

"I wish I could fuck your prick with my tits!" Sally breathed.

"A cunt or asshole is where my cock longs to be, Sally." he chuckled. 
"But your tits are damn good."

"I sure wish I had big tits like Sally." Jan exclaimed.

"They'll grow, Jan, baby." Dan said, looking over at his blonde 
darling.

Sally watched Dan's prick enlarge, feeling it burn against her tender 
tits. Since his cock-knob was just a few inches from her mouth, she 
gripped his shaft in her right hand and touched her eager lips to his 
prickmeat. Her mouth opened and she took Dan's big prick knob into her 
throat. Her lips twitched around his heated, thick cock. Her cunt was 
drooling fuck sap, her tits were puffed and itchy.

Sally watched Fay drop to her knees between Jan's pretty, opened 
thighs. Eva slipped over behind Sally, her soft little fingers fondling 
Sally's ass and leaky cunt. Sally spread her thighs so Eva could play 
with her cunt and ass.

"Ohhh, Fay, that's good!" Jan exclaimed. She was busily playing with 
her own tits. Dan had told her to fondle her tits to make them grow. 
Jan did exactly what her Daddy told her.

Her mouth full of vibrant cock, Sally felt Eva playing with her ass. 
Eva dipped a finger in Sally's cunt, wet it good, and started sliding 
her finger up Sally's twitching shitter.

Sally pumped her mouth slowly on Dan's big, tensing prick. The aroma 
from his balls made her dizzy. His prick flexed in her eager, sucking 
mouth. Eva's finger stroked slickly in her ass. Sally felt another 
balloon swelling in her belly. She needed a cum. Her clit was on fire, 
her cunt mouth was twitching. Her asshole tightened delectably around 
Eva's finger.

"Mmmmm, fff, ahhhhh!" Sally gurgled, making her strokes longer, giving 
Dan lots of sliding mouth. She coiled her tongue around his prickshaft.

"Damn good, Sally." Dan chuckled. "You want my fuck load in your 
throat?"

"Oh, shoot it up in the air, Daddy!" Jan gasped, her face already 
twisting with passion. "I never saw a prick shoot jizz!" I want it up 
in my cunt, but let all of us see you squirt!"

"Do it, Daddy!" Eva giggled. "Mom, be sure and lift your mouth before 
he cums!"

"Maybe I want my spunk in Sally's mouth." Dan chuckled.

"Please, Daddy!" Jan implored. "I want to see you shoot your jizz! 
Squirt it all over Mom's sexy tits!"

"Right!" Dan grinned.

Sally knew he wouldn't refuse when blonde Jan asked him. She was the 
apple of his eyes.

Fay gobbled her mouth tightly to Jan's cunt, and Jan whined. Jan's long 
opened thighs trembled, her head turned back. Sally was almost certain 
that Fay had a finger up Jan's asshole. The young girls were learning.

Sally slowed her mouth strokes on Dan's cock. He smiled down at her. He 
ran his fingers through her hair and tickled her ears. Dan didn't want 
any quick hard sucks, he liked to drag-out the fuck fun.

Eva now had both hands working, one finger up Sally's ass, the other 
sliding in Sally's twitching cunt. It was so lovely, sucking cock and 
having her cunt and asshole played with.

"Ohhh, shit, fuck!" Jan cried out. "Eat it fast, Fay! Eat the cum out 
of my cunt!"

Sally watched her pretty daughters, her cunt flaming, her ass already 
tightening.

"Come on, Fay!" Jan pleaded. "Suck harder. My cunt wants to cum right 
now!"

Suddenly Jan's slim body shook, her long legs jerked, her cute tits 
arched out. A fierce squeal erupted from her throat. Sally watched the 
cum shivers rake Jan's body, and her own cunt started cumming.

"Ughhh, ffmmmmmm, ohhh!" Sally gurgled around Dan's cock. Fuck juice 
flooded her crotch. Her cunt mouth clenched, her asshole clenched, her 
clit pulsed wildly.

"Mom, that's the way to cum!" Eva breathed. "Your cunt sure does 
tighten." Sally couldn't answer. Dan was getting close to his cum. 
Sally didn't want to spoil his big moment for him. She sucked and 
sucked. His big balls began to draw up in his nut sac, his prick 
tensed.

"Yeahhhh!" Dan muttered. "That's the way to eat prick, Sally! Just a 
little bit more! Uhhhh. Yeah! Okay, mouth-fuck my cock really fast! 
Fuuuuuuck! Ughhhh!"

"Take your mouth away, Mom!" Jan cried out.

Just in time, Sally jerked her ducking lips from Dan's cock. She kept 
her right hand on his prickshaft. His ten inches of thick cock throbbed 
in her fingers, his ass jerked. Suddenly a spout of white jizz shot 
high in the air. Dan cursed. Sally remembered what her daughters 
wanted, and the next throb of cum wad splashed across her arched-out 
tits. The warm, creamy cum load smelled just delicious.

"Ugh, ugh, ugh, fuuuuuck!" Dan gasped, as another spurt of jizz went 
over Sally's shoulder and struck Eva on the tits.

"Ummmmm!" Eva cried, smearing the spunk across her budding tits. She 
licked the sticky cum off her fingers.

"Oh, that's really something!" Jan cried. "Mom's got jizz all over her 
tits!"

"I'd rather have it in my cunt!" Sally gasped, still trembling.

"You'll get your cunt full of cum, Sally." Dan said, his prick still 
rigid in Sally's gripping fingers. Droplets of cum still leaked from 
his piss hole, his prick tensed and flexed.

Greedily, Sally returned her hungry mouth to Dan's cock. She sipped the 
rich cum from his tumid prick, moaning with joy. Eva removed her hands 
from Sally's ass and cunt, she dropped into a chair, legs sprawled.

"Now I need a cunt suck." Eva giggled. "Who's gonna eat it for me?"

"I will, Sis!" Jan exclaimed. "Fay made me cum, so I'll make you cum."

"I sure like to watch these girls of ours eat each other's cunts." Dan 
said.

"We want you to watch us cum, Daddy!" Jam giggled, moving down between 
Eva's opened legs.

Dan stared at Jan, his cock tensed in Sally's mouth. Then he gazed down 
at Sally. "I feel like fucking you up the ass, Sally."

Sally gave his cock a few more strokes with her mouth and lifted her 
head. "Anything you want, stud. I love your prick up my ass!"

"I'm afraid to fuck our daughters up the ass." Dan said. "I don't want 
to tear their sweet little assholes.

"Oh, I bet you can get your prick up there, honey!" Sally said, 
shuddering. "If you take your time and use a lot of cunt juice."

He chuckled, his cock flexed. He pointed to the patio cushion where he 
had fucked Fay. Sally nodded eagerly. She was so glad he still wanted 
sex with her, when he had all this fresh young pussy.

Sally moved down on the resilient pad, on hands and knees, and Dan 
moved in behind her. He was still watching Jan eat Eva's cunt. Fay was 
in a chair, legs open, her swollen cunt drooling juice. Traces of blood 
still streaked her pussy wetness. Dan had ripped her cherry good.

"Oh, you're sure eating my cunt, Sis!" Eva giggled, molding her tits in 
her hands.

 Dan's big cockhead slipped into Sally's eager cunt. She moaned and 
back-stroked, driving his cock to the depths of her twitching cunt.

"That's damn good, baby." Dan muttered, ramming his cock deep. "Maybe 
I'll fuck your cunt before I pour my jizz up your ass."

"Oh, Daddy!" Fay cried, moving to the patio pad. "Fuck me from behind, 
like you're fucking MOM! Please!"

"Okay, get your cute ass down here." Dan said.

Fay yelped with joy and sank to her hands and knees right beside Sally. 
Dan stroked his cock in Sally's shivery cunt, drew it out and moved 
over behind his daughter, Fay.

"Didn't get enough prick when I busted your cherry, eh?" Dan said to 
Fay as he spread her puffy pink slit and positioned his fat purple 
cock-knob.

"Daddy, I'll never get enough of your prick!" Fay breathed, squirming 
in anticipation.

Dan leaned into her. The tight ring of her pussy resisted for a moment. 
Then yielded and four inches of his massive poker squeezed into her 
tight-clasping channel.

"Oh, your cock's going in my cunt." Fay whined in delicious discomfort, 
pushing back eagerly. "Ohhhh, that's so damn good!"

"Ughhhhh." Dan said, stroking in hard, burying his rigid shaft to the 
balls. "Good ass!"

"What am I going to do?" Fay implored.

Sally had an idea. "See if you can slide your body under mine and lick 
my cunt, honey. I'll eat your pussy, and Dan can keep fucking me up the 
ass!"

"I sure will, Mom!" Fay exclaimed. She moved around and slipped her 
shoulders between Sally's opened thighs. Fay squirmed forward until her 
head was beneath Sally's crotch. Fay's fragrant, swollen pussy was just 
below Sally's head. Sally glued her mouth to her daughter's puffy cunt 
just as Fay began lapping and sucking.

"Oh, I can see your prick going in and out of Mom's asshole!" Fay 
gurgled.

"Suck my cunt, honey!" Sally moaned. "I'm damn near ready to cum!" 
Uhhhh! That's the way, Fay. Eat my cunt good!"

The only sounds for the moment came from Fay's greedy lips and Sally's 
hungry mouth. Both were eating cunt. Dan was fucking Sally up the ass.

"Jeeeesus, Jan, you really can eat cunt!" Eva cried from the deck 
chair.

Sally shuddered, dipping her tongue into Fay's tasty young cunt. Fay 
was stroking her tongue up in Sally's twitching cunt.

"Make Eva cum, Jan." Dan muttered.

"She's getting there, Daddy!" Eva whined. "Is Mom's asshole real 
tight?"

"Yeah, it's good and tight, baby." Dan said.

He began stroking once more. Sally braced herself for his long, deep 
cum strokes. His prick was enlarging, he would be shooting his jizz 
before long. His prick juices were making her ass real slick. He didn't 
need any more cunt wetness.

Now Fay was sucking Sally's excited clit. Strings of joy gathered in 
Sally's crotch. She licked and sucked Fay's uplifted fresh young cunt. 
Dan pokes into Sally's asshole came faster. But he waited again, 
enjoying the delay.

"That sure is a pretty little asshole, Jan." Dan said.

Jan had a mouth full of Eva's cunt, and couldn't answer. But she 
wiggled her ass and tipped it out further. Sally shook with passion. 
She was just on the verge of cumming.

"My asshole is just as cute as Jan's!" Eva gasped.

"I'll fuck a big wad of jizz up both of your assholes!" Dan growled.

"Oh, do it, Daddy!" Eva cried. "Even if it hurts!"

"I got my cock up Sally's ass right now." Dan muttered. "And she's 
ready to cum. Cum, Sally! Cum! Get your cunt off!"

Sally shouted as the throbs of her cum shook her body. Her cunt-mouth 
clenched around Fay's stroking tongue, her asshole tightened around 
Dan's plunging prick. Poor Fay wasn't cumming, though.

"Uhhhh, ohhhh, Dan!" Sally shouted. "Fuck your spunk up in my ass! My 
cunt's cumming hard!"

The heavy, deep strokes of Dan's prick, the lunge of his ass, almost 
forced Sally flat on top of Fay. Just as Sally had the best of her cum, 
Fay wormed out from under her.

"Fuuuuucking sonofabitch!" Dan shouted, his strong thrusts now forcing 
Sally to the deck pad. He followed her down, still pumping his 
throbbing cock in Sally's twitching, spasming ass. Sally could feel the 
belch of his jizz in her ass as his big balls knotted against her cunt 
mouth.

Dan's last lunges in her clenching asshole drew another shout from 
Sally's throat. He was a regular fucking machine.

Fay was on her back, whipping her cunt with her right hand. Sally felt 
sorry she hadn't made Fay cum. The feel of Dan's cock stroking in her 
ass was delicious.

"Swing you pussy around, Fay!" Sally gasped. "Let me eat it till you 
cum!"

Fay scrambled closer, her long legs wide open, scooting her ass right 
in front of Sally's face. Sally lifted her head far enough to clamp her 
lips on her pretty daughter's silky wet cunt.

"Eat Fay good, Sally." Dan chuckled. "Come on, Fay, get your goodies! 
Cum on your mother's mouth!"

"Ohhhh, it's cumming, Daddy! Uhhhh!" Fay cried.

Sally slid her hands under Fay's ass, pushed a finger up her tight 
little asshole and felt her daughter reach her cum. Fay's squeal of 
delight from her pussy wet lips sent sweet shudders through Sally's 
body. Her cunt and asshole clenched, Dan muttered his pleasure as 
Sally's asshole tightened around his still-buried cock.

"Oh, Mom, you sure can eat cunt!" Fay whimpered, as her asshole twisted 
around Sally's invading finger.

Eva was having her cum. Her long legs shook, her face twisted, and Jan 
sucked greedily at her sister's cumming pussy.

"Oh, Jan, it's damn good!" Eva wailed. "Love that finger up my 
asshole!"

Sally watched Eva finish her cum. Her daughters loved sex and cumming 
just as much as mother did.

Jan finally unfastened her mouth from Eva's swollen, leaking cunt, and 
moved into a deck chair, wiping her lips with her hand. Then she sucked 
the pussy juice off each finger.

Sally gave Fay's pussy a few lingering sucks and kisses. Fay crawled 
away and dropped into a deck chair between Jan and Eva. All three girls 
looked pooped.

Dan drew his shrinking cock out of Sally's ass. He sat back on the 
cushion, and Sally turned quickly, licking up and down his cock for the 
last dribbles of jizz. Dan grinned, watching his wife.

"You sure love to drink spunk, Sally." he said.

"Mmmmmmm, it's so good!" Sally giggled. "My cunt tightens at every 
lick!" The three girls giggled.

Dan stretched out on his back, smiling over at his three pretty, sexy 
daughters.

"Now, which girl is gonna suck my prick and bring it up hard again?" he 
chuckled.

"Oh, let me, Daddy!" Jan exclaimed. "I just adore your big cock! I can 
hardly wait to get it up in my cunt!"

Dan nodded. "Your cherry will keep a few days, Jan."

Sally watched her blonde daughter sink to her knees between Dan's 
strong legs.

"Don't you want to nibble my pussy, Daddy?" Jan purred.

"Not this time, sweet Jan. Just practice eating cock." Sally could see 
his prick already swelling. Cock juice leaked from his enlarging prick-
head.

Jan took his half-hard cock in her right hand. Lowered her head, and 
kissed his swelling cock-knob. Dan grinned, and his cock began to 
stiffen. Sally shook with envy. Jan opened her full red lips enough to 
slip his prick-head into her hot mouth.

"Mmmmmmmm!" Jan whined. Slowly she drew more prick up into her mouth. 
Dan's wide grin told how he liked it. As Jan began to pump her mouth on 
his cock, Sally looked at her other two daughters.

"What do we do for our fun, girls?" Sally asked.

"Fay and me, we'll take turns eating your cunt, Mom!" Eva smiled. "We 
know you need a lot of cums."

"I sure do!" Sally breathed, watching Jan suck her father's tumid 
prick. "And get a finger up my ass, too!"

Fay dropped to her knees between Sally's thighs and Eva moved around 
behind Sally's chair. Eva dropped her hands down to Sally's swollen 
tits.

Giggling, Fay pushed her right hand beneath Sally's ass. Sally felt the 
seeking finger locate her asshole. Fay dropped her mouth on Sally's 
upcurved achy cunt, her lips burning Sally's cunt lips. As Fay's tongue 
went deliciously into Sally's cunt, Dan uttered a moan of pleasure.

"That's the way to suck prick, Jan." Dan said. His cock was very hard 
now. Jan's blonde head moved slowly up and down, her clinging red lips 
leaving saliva trails along her father's prick.

"Play with my balls, too." Dan grinned. "Be very gentle."

"Mmmmffffmmmm!" Jan answered.

"Jan sure knows how to suck cock!" Eva giggled. "I ought to get over 
behind her and make her pussy cum!"

"Honey, you play with my tits!" Sally breathed, feeling Fay's tongue 
stroke deep in her cunt. Fay's finger started up Sally's asshole. Her 
young daughters were so nice to her.

"Having fun, Mom?" Eva giggled, tweaking Sally's tit peaks.

"Oh, yes, you sexy little foxes!" Sally breathed. Fay had Sally's clit 
in her lips, the sweet sucking of her mouth gave Sally delicious 
thrills. Sally lifted her crotch higher, and Fay's finger moved faster 
in her asshole.

"I sure love your tits, Mom!" Eva purred. "I hope mine are this big 
when I grow up."

"Sexy tits run in the family, kids." Sally giggled. "Oh, Fay, you're 
making me cum!"

"Tell us about it, Mom!" Eva breathed. "Tell Fay and me how good it 
feels!"

"Ohhhh, shiiit, fuuuuck!" Sally cried, her cunt mouth twitching. "My 
cunt's cumming hard! Ohhhhh, Fay, it's really good! My asshole is 
cumming, too! Uhhhhhh!"

Sally bucked as her cum flooded her crotch and cunt and tits. The chair 
creaked, her heels shook against the deck. Her clit was cumming and 
cumming, her cunt tightened vividly.

A loud groan from Dan made her look across at the action on the patio 
cushion. Beautiful Jan had jerked her mouth from Dan's cock, and a 
fountain of whitish spunk spurted high in the air, splashing down on 
his belly. Another throb of his huge prick shot a creamy wad across 
Jan's tits.

"Ohhhh, fuck, that's sexy!" Jan moaned, smearing her father's spent 
jizz across her tits.

"Eat his spunk, Jan!" Sally cried. "Don't let that jizz go to waste! 
You should have taken it in your mouth!"

"Damn it, Mom, her jerked my hand away from his prick!" Jan complained. 
She moved quickly to bend down and lick up the spunk from her father's 
belly. More jizz dribbled from Dan's still-rigid cockhead.

Dan rested limply, his eyes closed. He reached down to his cock and 
jerked it several times. More jizz oozed from his piss hole.

"Oh let me suck your cock some more, Daddy!" Jan giggled, her lips wet 
with jizz.

"I've had it for a while, girl." Dan muttered. "I'm taking a nap."



Chapter 9


"I really don't think she's ready." Dan said. "She's just too young."

"Dan, honey, she wants it!" Sally insisted.

"She's so small. I never thought I'd regret having such a big cock." 
Dan lamented.

"She'll be the tightest pussy you ever had, honey." Sally encouraged.

"I sure wish Daddy would hurry up and pick my cherry, Mom." Jan said. 
"He's fucked Eva and Fay."

"He'll be home pretty soon, Jan." Sally giggled. It was Friday, and Dan 
had been out of town again. Sally was just as hungry for prick as her 
pretty daughter was.

Sally and the girls, Eva, Fay, and Jan, were out by the pool again, 
wearing bikinis. Another fine warm day, the evening just for swimming 
or fucking.

"Why is he saving my pussy for last?" Jan complained.

"He likes you a lot, Jan." Sally smiled. "He wants your first fuck to 
be a big event."

"It sure does feel good up my cunt, Jan." Eva teased, spreading her 
long legs. She rested on the resilient patio cushion that had seen so 
much action Tuesday evening.

"You don't know what you're missing, Jan." Fay giggled. "His prick goes 
up in my cunt so damn far!"

"Yes, it feels like it's clear up between my tits!" Eva laughed. "I 
sure wish Daddy would hurry. All this pussy waiting for him, and one 
more cherry to pick."

Suddenly Dan appeared at the sliding glass door in the pool and patio. 
He wore swim trunks. Sally felt a sharp thrill in the cunt and tits. He 
sure was handsome.

"Oh, Dan!" Sally cried, leaping from her chair. She ran up to her 
husband and pushed her almost naked body tightly to his. "We sure have 
missed you and your big cock, honey!"

"Just what I need, Sally." he grinned, gripping her as in both big, 
strong hands. "Some good, hot wifely cunt." "It's juicy already, stud!" 
Sally giggled. "Do you have some new sex games we can play?"

"Wait and see." he said, kissing her on the mouth. His tongue snaked 
into her eager, open lips and he slipped his right hand inside her 
bikini panties from the rear. He tickled her asshole, pushing at her 
tender ass pucker. Shivering, she arched her hips backward. His finger 
went down to her cunt, and returned to her shitter.

His tongue stroked deep in her mouth and his pussy-slick finger entered 
her shivery asshole. It was so damn good she moaned into his lips.

"Daddy's fingering Mom's ass!" Eva giggled.

"I think he likes a tight ass better than cunt!" Fay exclaimed.

"Well, I want his prick in my cunt!" Jan said.

"He hasn't fucked any of us in the ass yet." Eva remarked. "Mom, is it 
really good?"

Sally whined. She tore her mouth free. "It's so damn good I'm gonna 
cum!"

"Cum, Mom, cum!" Jan exclaimed. "Daddy, pull her panties down so we can 
see you finger-fuck her ass!"

He didn't answer, and Sally felt one of the girls yank her panties down 
her legs. Giggles from all three of her daughters made Sally shudder.

"Yeah, get your cum, Sally." Dan chuckled. "You sure have a god tight 
asshole."

"Uhhhh!" Sally cried, the tremors of her delight shaking her legs and 
tits and ass. "Uhhhh, it's been so long, Dan! Ohhhh, it's cumming hard, 
honey!"

"Oh, look at Mom cum on Daddy's finger!" Jan cried.

"Yes, Mom, you sure get a hot cunt real fast!" Eva trilled.

Sally didn't hear any more for a while. She was too busy having her 
cum. Her cunt mouth tightened and her asshole clenched swiftly. Dan 
kept poking his finger in and out of her ass until her cum was over. 
She relaxed against him, her legs shaky.

"You sure can make me cum fast and hard, stud!" Sally giggled.

"We want our cums!" the girls chorused. Sometimes they did that, saying 
the same words at exactly the same time.

"Are your pussies slick and ready, girls?" Dan chuckled.

His finger came out of Sally's asshole, she stepped away and dropped 
her bikini panties to the deck. She reached up to undo her halter and 
let her big shapely tits out. A good, hard cum sure made them tender. 
Her dark nipples were as stiff as pokers.

"Daddy, you have three young cunt here who want to fuck!" Eva giggled, 
swaying closer to her father. "And one of these young cunts wants you 
to rip her cherry!"

"That's me!" Jan exclaimed.

She glided closer to Dan, twitching her pretty ass. In a moment all 
three were lined up in front of their father, undulating their asses, 
arching their budding tits out. Eva reached for her bikini halter and 
the other two girls did the same. The trio of mini halters dropped. Dan 
grinned. "I don't see any cunt yet."

"Okay, we'll show you some cunt!" Eva laughed. "Come on, girls. Wave 
your cunts at him!"

Sally watched her three lovely daughters and her moist clit throbbed 
with passion. How very pretty they were! Giggling, they drew their 
mini-panties down, exposing their cute, hairless cunts. They writhed 
their bodies, smiling.

"Now let's see your prick, Daddy!" Jan exclaimed. "You promised me I'd 
get my first fuck today! I sure need it!"

Dan grinned. Slowly he slid his tight swim trunks down his thick 
muscled legs. His wonderful big cock stood out sharply, slanting 
upward. Sally could see the fuck dew leaking from his piss hole.

"Oh, that's some prick, Daddy!" Fay giggled. "Did all of that big thing 
really go into my pussy?"

"It sure did, baby." Dan chuckled. "Now turn around and let me see 
those cute assholes."

The girls all laughed and turned slowly, bending down from the hips. 
All three peeked back over their shoulders. Dan came forward. Sally 
quaked with passion. Jan was in the middle, Fay at her left an Eva at 
her right.

"I want to fuck some young ass, girls." Dan said, resting the head of 
his prick against Jan's pretty little asshole. His left hand went to 
Fay's ass, his right hand went to Eva's.

"Oh, Daddy, are you going to fuck me in the ass before you rip my 
cherry?" Jan giggled.

"I never heard of a guy fucking a girl in the ass before he took her 
cherry." Eva said.

"Lots of things about sex you girls never heard of." Dan said.

"Damn it, Fay, hold still."

"Play with my pussy, Daddy!" Fay giggled. "It's right there."

"Yes, Daddy, finger our cunts!" Eva giggled.

Sally dropped her right hand down to her cunt. She spread her thighs, 
cupping her stinging, leaking cunt with her fingers. Dan wanted young 
cunt today, he could enjoy his wife's cunt later when they were alone.

She watched Dan's finger slip into Fay's cunt, then his other middle 
finger entered Eva's pussy. His cockhead was still pushing at Jan's 
ass. Sally stared at Dan's big nuts, dangling heavily. His strong legs 
were spread so she could see his hairy ass and nuts. Shuddering, she 
moved up behind Dan, sank to her back on the patio, staring up at his 
prick and balls from below.

He was rubbing the knob slowly up and down Jan's ass crack, only an 
inch from her hairless pink pussy slit.

The view of his prick was terribly exciting. Seeing it from below added 
to her prick fever. Dan looked down at her and grinned. His fingers 
were sliding slowly in and out of Eva's cunt and Fay's cunt. He pushed 
his cock down below Jan's asshole, in against her pretty, hairless 
cunt.

"Oh, Daddy!" Jan gasped. "Put it in, put it in my pussy!"

"Not yet, baby." he chuckled. "Just get the feel of it."

"Oh, it feels good, Daddy!" Jan breathed. Her fresh young cuntlips were 
spreading for his big, wet-headed prick. She tipped her hips back 
farther, writhing her ass. Sally could see cock juice leaking out of 
Dan's prickhead, mixing in with Jan's cunt juice.

"Jesus, that's good!" Eva giggled, angling her cunt back and upward 
onto Dan's probing fingers.

"Get you hand down and play with your clit, Eva." Dan said. "You, too, 
Fay. Get a standup cum."

"Oh, Daddy, you're so mean!" Jan breathed.

Sally stared upward, shivering. Fay and Eva now had their right hands 
on their clits. Dan was still pumping his fingers into their puffing 
cunts.

"Daddy, please get you prick in my pussy!" Jan breathed. "Rip my 
cherry! Shoot a big load of jizz up in my cunt! Eva and Fay got it, now 
it's my turn!"

"It won't be long, pretty baby." Dan muttered.

Sally stared up at Dan's huge prick. His prick knob was partly between 
Jan's wet, swollen cunt lips. Her cute ass was wiggling. Her right hand 
was busy with her clit.

"Get your cum, Jan." Dan said. "Get you cunt to cum and that'll help 
open your ass up for my prick."

"Yes!" Jan gasped.

Sally played with her achy clit, watching Dan's big nuts and his huge 
hard cock. Jan's cunt was so slick a string of shiny cunt dew started 
drooling downward, and Sally slid over so she could catch it in her 
mouth.

As the fragrant slick streamer of cunt juice and prick goo touched her 
tongue and lips, she moaned with delight. It tasted so sweet. "Ohhhh, 
it's good!" Jan whimpered, her right hand flying on her clit. "My pussy 
is cumming! Uhhhhh! Ohhhhh, Daddy, I'm cumming with your prick almost 
in my cunt!"

"Cum, baby, cum!" Dan urged.

"Ohhhhh, I'm cumming too!" Eva whimpered. Her legs trembled, her hips 
thrust back at Dan's diving finger.

"Jeeeesus, I'm cumming!" Fay whined. Her right hand whipped her clit 
frantically.

Another stringer of cunt juice and prick dew reached Sally's eager 
mouth. She moaned and kicked, whipping the pangs of cunt pleasure from 
her stinging pulsing, clit.

All three girls were finishing their cum, whining and moaning. Dan's 
cockhead was still just at the door of Jan's cunt. His big balls were 
pulling up in his nut sac. Maybe he was going to shoot his jizz against 
Jan's quivering, puffing cunt lips.

But Jan ended her shaking and wiggling, Dan was saving his spunk for 
when he got his fuck in Jan's cunt or asshole.

Dan's fingers came out of his daughter's cunts, wet and shiny. He gave 
Fay and Eva a pat on the ass and stepped back from Jan.

Giggling, all three girls turned to stare at Dan and his monster prick. 
Dan stood in front of them, grinning, glancing from one to the next. 
"Four hot, wet cunts, and which one do I fuck?" he chuckled.

"Daddy, you promised to rip my cherry tonight!" Jan said, spreading her 
long legs. "It sure is good cumming with your cock almost in my pussy!"

"Cumming is always good, girls." Sally laughed. "Only some cums are 
better than others! Dan, what's next? You've got us all ready to fuck. 
Squeeze that big cock in somewhere!"

"Me first!" Jan exclaimed. "I need it bad. You can all watch me take my 
first prick!"

Dan stared at his blonde daughter, his cock flexed and more prick juice 
oozed from his swollen cock knob. His cock skin was peeled back so the 
females could all see his huge, purplish, naked cockhead.

"Yeah, I think it's time, Jan." he said. He walked over to the patio 
pad and stretched out on his back. "Only you're gonna tear your cherry 
yourself, Jan baby. If it hurts, you can stop."

"Oh, I sure have waited a long time for this!" Jan gasped. She ran to 
the patio cushion and quickly spread a leg on each side of his body.

"I thought you wanted some asshole fucking, Daddy." Eva giggled.

"I do, Eva." Dan grinned. "Later. I gotta rip Jan's cherry. Her pussy 
felt real good a minute ago. Why don't you girls and Sally do a little 
cunt sucking?"

"Oh, we all want to watch Jan lose her cherry, Daddy!" Eva answered. 
"We can eat pussy anytime! We want to see prick!"

Sally followed her two daughters as they crouched beside the patio 
cushion, one on each side. Sally moved behind Jan where she would have 
the best view of her daughter's cunt stretching around Dan's huge, hard 
cockhead.

Jan was not wasting any time. She lifted her pretty ass, still wet with 
cock juice. Her puffy cunt was slick with girl cum. Her hips lifted 
high, Dan held his cock at the right position, and Jan fastened her 
dewy virginal cunt against his prick knob.

"Ohhhhhh, that's good!" Jan breathed, her legs trembling.

Sally had an idea. She moved in closer and started playing a finger 
around Jan's cute, tight little asshole. The prick juice still on it 
made Jan's ass flesh nice and slick.

"Oh, Mom, that's good!" Jan whimpered.

"Get your pussy around his prick, honey." Sally breathed. "Then you'll 
know what good really is!"

Jan whimpered, her ass quivering. She pushed downward, her cunt lips 
spread slickly. Her slim legs quivered.

"Fuuuuucking shiiiit!" she cried. "It won't go in!"

"Hey, keep wiggling your ass." Dan said. "It'll go in pretty soon, Jan. 
Have a cum up there if you want to!"

Sally stared as Jan's ass muscles rippled. Her legs shook. She stroked 
down. Her cunt stretched. Suddenly Dan's tremendous prickhead started 
up into Jan's virginal nine year old pussy.

"Ohhhh, it hurts!" Jan whimpered. "But it's going up my cunt!"

"Yeah, that's a tight little cunt, baby." Dan muttered.

Jan's ass moved again, she cried out sharply. "I ripped my cherry! 
Ohhh, God, this is so damned wonderful! Uhhhhhh!"

Sally shook with passion. Seeing Dan's thick, dark prick halfway up in 
Jan's juicy little cunt sent tremors of lust all through Sally's body.

"Bring it down, baby." Dan urged. "Get more prick up your cunt."

"Uhhhhh!" Jan cried, "Ohhhhh, sucking, fucking, shiiiiit!" More inches 
of hard prick oozed up into her cunt. She shook, her ass quivered and 
she stroked down hard.

As those dainty cunt lips settled around the root of Dan's cock, Sally 
moaned with lust. Dan's big hairy nuts were pulling up.

"That's real good cunt." Dan said. His hands now gripped Jan's hips. He 
stroked his ass upward. "Yeahhhhhh!"

"Oh, Daddy, that's the best cock in the whole world!" Jan cried. "You 
tore my cherry! Let me fuck now, please!"

"Easy, Jan." Dan said. "Let it soak up in your cunt a while. It isn't 
juicy enough for good fucking yet."

"Daddy, this is really fun!" Jan breathed. "I'll do whatever you say! 
You picked my cherry, that's the important thing!"

"No, baby." Dan grinned. "The main thing is when you cum and I bury a 
load of jizz up in your cunt."

"Ohhhh, I can't wait for that, Daddy!" Jan gasped. "Eva and Fay have 
been telling me how good prick is! Now I believe every word they said!"

Sally brought her head closer to Jan's ass, breathing in the sweet 
aroma from Dan's balls and Jan's pussy. She slid her right hand down to 
her cunt. She was ready to start finger-fucking herself when she felt a 
soft young body touch hers.

"Stay on your hand and knees, Mom." Came Eva's voice. "I want to back-
fuck you."

"But honey--" Sally began, and then she stopped. The press of Eva's 
silky young body, the sensation of having her daughter's cunt pressing 
into her ass and crotch, made Sally quake with need.

Eva started stroking her ass. The squish of her cunt on Sally's 
asscheeks, the warm girl flesh, was just wonderful.

"I wouldn't care if you slid under me and ate my cunt, Eva!" Sally 
breathed. But she angled her ass higher, giving Eva a better shot. The 
slow stroking filled Sally with raging lust.

"Okay, now you can fuck my prick, Jan." Dan said.

Sally trembled, staring at the cock and cunt connection. Jan's cute ass 
went up and down, up and down, exposing several thick inches of Dan's 
prick every time Jan stroked. The girl juice from Jan's stretched cunt 
was tinted red. Cherry blood. Sally's mouth watered, she wanted to lap 
up that excess cunt juice mixed with Dan's pre-cum fluids.

"That's the way to topfuck, baby." Dan said. "Come up on it, then 
stroke down hard."

"Oh, Daddy, this is so delicious!" Jan gasped. "It feels like your cock 
is clear up between my tits!"

"Goooood cuuuuuunt!" Dan muttered. His balls were knotting at the base 
of his cockshaft. "Easy now, Jan. Fuck a few times and then rest. 
Yeahhh, I want to make this fuck last a while."

"I could fuck up here all day, Daddy!" Jan gasped. "Ohhhh, I gotta cum! 
I can't hold it back!"

"Okay, baby." Dan muttered. "Ride it high and we'll fuck some more 
later! Yeahhhh!"

Jan's slender hips were already pumping faster. But even in her 
excitement there was still caution in her movements, her downstrokes 
were restrained, controlled.

Sally watched Dan's big nuts tighten. His legs quivered, his ass lifted 
higher. Jan's ass bobbed like a cork on water. Her wild whimpers were 
like daggers in Sally's senses. The swift flash of Jan's ass, as more 
pink-colored cunt juice oozed from her pussy, signaled Jan's cum.

Jan squealed. Dan moaned fiercely as his nuts began to burn and he 
forgot his concern for Jan, his grip tightened on her hips. "Down, 
honey!" Dan urged. "All the way, baby!. I want to put my load all the 
way up in there!"

Jan squinched her eyes and bit her lip, squirming in discomfort as Dan 
bucked spastically under her.

Sally could almost feel the gush of hot spunk up in her own spasming 
cunt. Jan was having her first-fucked cunt sprayed with her father's 
hot jizz. Just as Jan finished her first fuck ride, Sally felt her cum 
arriving.

Eva whimpered, her cunt slushing into Sally's back-tilted cunt and 
asshole. Sally's tensing clit started pulsing.

"Uhhhhh, fuuuuck, I'm cumming!" Eva wailed.

"I'm cumming too, Eva!" Sally cried, her tits shaking. "Fuck me hard, 
Eva! Fuck your cunt at my cunt!"

Sally swept through her orgasm, and saw that Jan was resting limply on 
top of Dan, her cunt spunk all down on his shrinking balls. Sally 
scooted forward and fastened her lips to the base of Dan's cock. She 
lapped up the spunk and pink-colored pussy juice. It was such a tasty 
treat. Sally's greed mouth sucked up all the drooling jizz, all the 
cherry blood.

"It feels good!" Jan breathed. "Mom, you've got a mouth like a suction 
pump."

"Yeah, that feel really good, Sally." Dan agreed.

When Sally had licked up all the jizz, she raised her head. "Jan, 
honey, your pussy juice is so sweet!"

"How do you like cumming around your father's cock, Jan?" Sally 
giggled.

"Ohhhhh, it's the best cum I ever had, Mom!" Jan breathed. "Daddy, can 
I stay up here and fuck till I cum again?"

Dan's limp prick pulsed with excitement at the thought of slowly coming 
hard inside her, stretching the virginal little channel again.

"I think you need to rest your pussy, Jan." Dan chuckled. "It went off 
really hard."

"That's when it's good!" Jan giggled.

Dan took Jan by the hips and lifted her ass. Dan's big jizz-creamed 
prick slipped down out of Jan's pussy and flopped against his belly 
with a wet splat. Just as Jan dropped down on her back, Sally took 
Dan's prick in her eager mouth and sucked up the rest of his spunk.

Dan was hardly aware of his wife's lips on his limp cock. Eva was over 
between Jan's legs, lapping Jan's cunt, sipping the cunt juice and more 
drooling spunk.

Clean her up, Eva. Dan thought. Keep her hot and wet until I can get it 
up again. I want to fuck that some more.

Sally hated to stop sucking Dan's cock, but he shook his head, and 
Sally backed away. Fay sat in a chair, her legs opened, her fingers 
molding her swollen cunt. Sally and Eva took chairs.

"I had a big cum on my fingers." Fay giggled.

"Well, I sure need a cum!" Eva said. "I made Mom cum, so who's gonna 
get my cunt to cum?"

"Bring it over here, Eva." Dan grinned. "Jan is pooped for now, and I 
feel like eating pussy."

"Oh, yes." Eva giggled. She opened her long thighs above Dan's head and 
dropped her mouth toward his prick, resting on his belly. Eva kissed 
his cockhead, moaning with joy.

As Eva took Dan's prick into her mouth, Sally heard Dan lapping and 
sucking at Eva's pussy. Dan's right hand went to Eva's ass and he began 
pushing his best finger into her asshole. Eva whined, pumping her mouth 
on Dan's prick.

"We're all animals." Sally thought. But we all love it.

Fay giggled, moved over on her knees between Sally's open thighs, she 
fastened her mouth on Sally's hairy cunt. Her tongue dived into Sally's 
cunt-hole.

"Yes, Fay, that's it!" Sally gasped, fitting her hands on her tender 
swollen tits. "Suck the cum right out of my cunt!"



Chapter 10


"Bend over that wall, girls." Dan said. "I'm going to fuck some virgin 
assholes."

"Oh, good for you, Daddy!" Eva giggled.

Sally watched the three girls lean over the low concrete wall at the 
end of the pool. Part of it supported the diving board.

After Fay had eaten Sally's cunt and Dan had enjoyed Eva's cunt, the 
group had rested awhile. Now Dan was lining his cute daughters up for 
asshole fucking.

"Let me have some prick up the ass, too!" Sally pleaded.

"You can help me slick the girls assholes with cunt juice, Sally." Dan 
grinned.

Sally waited for Dan to pick the first girl. Eva. He had busted her 
cherry first, so he was going to fuck her ass first. Dan stood behind 
the three girls, his prick high and hard, cock goo drooling from his 
piss hole.

"Come on, Mom." Eva wiggled. "Play with my cunt and slick my ass with 
juice, like Daddy says."

"Let Fay and me watch, Daddy!" Jan exclaimed.

"Sure." Dan grinned. "Just remember your places."

Sally moved up behind Eva, dipped her best finger in her daughter's 
swollen, leaking cunt. When it was good and wet she rubbed the pussy 
dew around on the cute pucker of Eva's asshole.

Dan gave Sally a finger up her cunt; the girls all giggled, and then he 
stood behind Eva. Bending over, her legs wide apart, her ass was at 
just the right height. Sally was happy that the entire family could be 
together for this.

Gripping Eva's hips, Dan pushed his prickhead against Eva's ass pucker. 
He took his cock in his right hand and brushed his cock knob around to 
make her little asshole wet with his cock-juice.

"Oh, does it hurt, Mom?" Fay asked, peering closely.

"It feels too damn good!" Sally breathed.

Dan nudged his prick at her dainty asshole. Eva trembled, tipping her 
hips back and up. Dan pushed harder. Eva winced, and then his big 
prickhead started into her ass. Sally shook with envy.

"Ohhhh, it hurts real good!" Eva whined.

With about three inches of his prick in Eva's ass, Dan rested. The wide 
smile on her face told the others how good it felt.

"Now, reach down and play with your clit, Eva." Dan said. "When you 
cum, your asshole tightens. That's real damn good."

"Oh, Daddy, it already feels good!" Eva exclaimed. "Give me more 
prick!"

Sally watched Eva shoot her right hand down under, to her cunt. Her 
fingers were busy on her clit. Dan's ass trembled, he pushed more 
cockmeat into his daughter's ass.

"Yeah." he muttered, stroking out, then back in. "Yeahhhh, that's damn 
fine ass, Eva!"

"Oh, Daddy, I'm about ready to cum!" Eva gasped. He hand was flying on 
her cunt and clit.

"Cum, baby, cum big!" Dan urged. His prick was now fully buried in 
Eva's asshole. Eva's legs shook, her face twisted.

"Cum, Eva, cum!" Jan breathed, standing in close.

"Uhhh, ohhhh, it's coming, Daddy!" Eva cried.

Her slim legs vibrated, Dan stroked in and out, and Eva's fierce cry of 
delight rang around the pool area. Her asshole did clench Dan's prick.

"Yeahhhh!" he growled. "Fuck, that's a good tight ass, Eva!"

"Ohhhh, ohhhh, cunt fucking is fun, but this is better!" Eva whimpered. 
"It's so damn tight!"

Dan patted his daughter's ass, her hand came away from her cunt, her 
fingers all slick with pussy juice. Dan drew his cock out of Eva's 
asshole. The girls and Sally stared at his prick.

"Why didn't you squirt your spunk in my ass, Daddy?" Eva asked.

"I got three more asshole to fuck, baby!"

That includes me, too, Sally thought, her cunt juice leaking down her 
thighs. Maybe I'll be the one to take his jizz.

"Okay, Fay, you are next." Dan said.

"Goody, goody!" Fay giggled, moving to stand at the wall. Eva rested in 
a chair nearby, legs sprawled. Sally knew that Eva had had enough for 
awhile. Eva had enjoyed a tremendous cum.

Fay was already starting her cunt play as Sally used her own cunt flow 
to moisten Fay's pretty little ass. Dan grinned his appreciation.

"You have more cunt juice than the girls, Sally." he said.

"I've had more practice, stud!" Sally giggled.

Dan slipped his finger in Sally's puffed-out cunt and spread her juices 
around on the head of his prick. Sally was slicking up Fay's ass. Dan 
brought his swollen cockhead against Fay's dainty asshole and pushed.

"Uhhhh, ooohhhhh!" Fay gasped. "Daddy, that's so good!"

"Yeah." he muttered, his ass muscles bunching. "That's really fine 
tight ass!"

"Oh, Daddy, fuck some jizz up my ass!" Fay whined, her right hand 
whipping her clit. Dan groaned and stroked his prick all the way into 
Fay's asshole. Her legs trembled. Dan's grip on her hips held her 
steady. Fay's legs were about ready to give way.

"Don't cum yet, Fay, this is too fucking good." Dan said, stroking 
again and again. It looked like he was going to gush a load of jizz in 
Fay's ass. His prick had gone in very smoothly.

"I gotta cum!" Fat cried. "I'm not playing with my pussy!"

"You got a very sexy asshole, baby." Dan growled. His fuck thrusts 
quickened. He was cumming.

"Ohhhh, Daddy, I'm cumming hard!" Fay cried. "Fuck your spunk up in my 
ass!"

Dan groaned, his balls were knotted tightly at the root of his pumping 
prick. A few more strokes and he had his cum. He shouted, his ass 
whipped in and out, and Fay screamed. Sally knew how precious these few 
seconds were for Fay. Her asshole was clenching around Dan's pumping 
prick.

Sally dropped on her back between Dan's outspread legs. When his huge 
cock finally came out of Fay's twitching asshole, a gush of spunk oozed 
out and a big glob of the white jizz dropped into Sally's opened mouth.

She drank the hot, slick spunk, greedily catching the next pulse of 
jizz. Dan now aimed his cock at Sally's mouth so she could get every 
drop of excess spunk. It tasted so very good.

"Mom, you sure love sucking jizz!" Jan giggled.

"If I can't have his wad in my cunt or ass, I'll take it in my mouth, 
honey." Sally giggled, smacking her lips.

"It sure is tasty!" Jan giggled. "Okay, Daddy, now it's my turn for an 
asshole fuck!"

Dan grinned, his prick not as thick as before. Sally got to her feet, 
another gush of cunt juice drooling down her thighs. Jan wiggled into 
position against the concrete wall, her ass lifted up and out. Her 
puffy cuntlips showed, too.

Sally dropped into a chair, her cunt and tits flaming. Fay staggered 
into another chair, her right hand on her cunt. Eva was now recovered 
from her asshole cum, and she moved over in front of Sally.

"Mom, let me suck your cunt." Eva smiled. "I think you need a cum."

"Honey, I need a lot of cums!" Sally breathed, her thighs wide open in 
invitation. Eva dropped to her knees between Sally's legs. Dan was 
wetting Jan's asshole with juice from her cunt. His blonde daughter was 
giggling and waving her ass at him.

"Daddy, fuck me in the cunt, then my ass!"

"Good way to get my cock slick." he chuckled.

He had saved Jan's ass for last. He did like his blonde daughter the 
best. Dan gripped Jan's hips, bringing his prickhead against her 
cuntlips. She giggled, he drove his cock deep in Jan's swollen cunt. 
His ass muscles flexed.

"Ohhhhh, Daddy!" Jan cried. "Fuck my pussy good!"

"Yeah." he muttered, driving his prick in hard. He let it soak while 
Jan gasped and quivered. "That cunt is so damn tight and good I think 
I'll save your ass for later."

"Daddy, you can fuck me in the ass any time. I need prick! I need prick 
in my cunt!"

Sally shook with mounting lust. Eva was lapping and sucking her cunt 
like she was starved for it. Eva's long tongue was shooting far into 
Sally's cunt, stroking almost like a cock. Sally gripped her tender 
tits and watched Dan doggy fucking his sweet blonde daughter. Fay 
rested in her chair, playing with her cunt.

We have such wonderful times together, Sally thought. I have such 
considerate young daughters. They eat my cunt any time I ask.

"Ohhhh, I'm cumming, Daddy!" Jan wailed. "Fuck faster!"

"You cute little cunt!" Dan muttered, stroking hard. "I'm gonna shoot 
jizz clear up in your throat!"

The slap-slap of Dan's groin against Jan's pretty ass, her whimpers of 
delight, started Sally's own cum.

"Eat my cunt hard, Eva!" Sally cried. "It's cumming good!"

Suddenly Eva's right hand shot inward, her finger slid deliciously into 
Sally's ass. Sally's asshole clenched, her cunt tightened. Her clit 
stiffened and started pulsing.

"Fuuuuuuck, shiiiit, asssss!" Sally shouted.

Eva's long tongue danced in Sally's spasming cunt. Sally's tits heaved 
in her clutching fingers. Throb after throb of cum raked her crotch and 
hips and tits.

Dan's loud, hoarse shout filled the air. The flex of his ass muscles, 
the curve of his back as he humped his prick in and out of Jan's cunt, 
excited Sally into another wild, furious cum. Eva sucked and sucked.

Jan cried out. "Daddy, Daddy, you're fucking your jizz way up in my 
cunt!"

"Yeah, baby!" Dan moaned agreement, humping his slender nine year-old 
daughter with a fervor the both frightened and excited her. "I'm 
putting a hot load of jizz way up in there!"

Sally relaxed in her chair, panting and shaking. Eva's clinging, 
sucking mouth finally lifted, and she smacked her lips.

"That's sure tasty cunt, Mom." Eva smiled.

"You sure know how to make it cum good!" Sally giggled. She looked over 
at Dan and Jan. "Say, Fay, why don't you go over and catch Dan's jizz 
when it dribbles out of Jan's cunt?"

"Oh, yes!" Fay exclaimed, leaping out of her chair.

Gliding down between her father's spread-out legs, Fay waited for Dan's 
cock to emerge from Jan's well-fucked cunt. Finally his shrunken prick 
fell from his blonde daughter's puffy cunt, and a stream of sticky 
white spunk splashed down into Fay's waiting mouth. She swallowed and 
gulped the creamy stringy jizz and cunt juice.

"Mmmmmm!" Fay gurgled, moving to her feet. "That's a lot of spunk, 
Daddy. You sure shot a big load in Jan's pussy."

Dan patted Jan on the ass and moved over to take a chair at Sally's 
right. His cunt-wet prick was shrinking, more spunk drooling from his 
piss-hole.

"Daddy, let me get the rest of your fuck jizz!" Fay giggled.

She sank to her knees between Dan's legs and lifted his prick until she 
could close her red lips around it. She sucked his cock and rolled her 
eyes. His prick began to harden again.

"Easy, baby." Dan said, gazing down at Fay. "Suck it slow and easy." 
Fay gurgled her pleasure, slowing her mouth and head strokes. Jan 
staggered over to a chair at Sally's left and dropped her pretty ass 
down.

"Boy, I sure had a big, hard cum, Daddy!" Jan giggled.

"All you pussies cum hard." Dan grinned. "Let me rest my nuts a while 
and I'll fuck you in the ass, blondie."

"Oh, I want your cock in my ass!" Jan exclaimed.

"I may not shoot my jizz, but I'll give it a good fucking." Dan 
promised.

"I wouldn't mind some of your cock in my cunt, Dan." Sally giggled.

"Mom, don't you ever get enough sucking and fucking?" Jan giggled. 
"Right now I'm pooped!"

"I think we all are except Mom." Eva said. "My tongue really got a good 
squeezing in your cunt, Sally!"

Sally smiled at her sweet, loving daughters. "You have to practice a 
lot, girls. The more you cum, the better it is."

"Will somebody please lip my clit and make it cum?" Sally giggled.

"I will." Dan said.

"Honey, please do!" Sally gurgled. "Show your sweet daughters how to 
suck a cunt!"  Dan chuckled, tossed a chair pad down between Sally's 
thighs, and placed his knees on it. He slid his big hands beneath 
Sally's ass, she felt a long finger glide up in her asshole. She 
shuddered.

"He's got his finger up my ass, girls." Sally breathed.

Dan's head lowered, his mouth opened, and his lips closed around her 
hard, tensing clit. Strings of delight fanned through her crotch and 
belly. She gripped her tits, playing with the dark-circled cones.

"Oh, Daddy, make Mom cum about a dozen times." Jan giggled. "We all 
like to watch her cum. She loves it!"

"I sure do, girls!" Sally breathed. Dan was drawing thrill after thrill 
from her flexing clit. Her asshole was tightening around Dan's invading 
finger.

"Daddy, Mom's cumming!" Eva exclaimed. "See her tits getting hard? 
Ohhhh, cum hard, Mom! Show us how you cum!"

Sally gasped with joy. "Yes, it's coming, girls! Ohhhh, fuuuuuck! Dan, 
honey, suck hard! Ahhhh! Ohhhhhh!"

Sally shouted as the honeyed pounds of her climax raked her body. Her 
clit throbbed, her asshole clenched, her cunt mouth tightened. Dan 
sucked and sucked. When she was finished, she looked over at her 
daughters.

"Mom, you sure do cum hard!" Jan giggled.

"The harder the better, girls." Sally breathed.

Dan lifted his pussy-wet mouth from Sally's cunt, and eased his finger 
out of her ass. As he stood up everybody could see that his prick was 
high and hard again.

"Daddy, are you going to fuck Mom in the ass?" Eva asked.

"No, I think I'll bust Jan's asshole cherry." he said.

"Oh, Daddy, will you?" Jan gushed, staring at his cock. "Everybody here 
has had your cock in the ass except me!"

Dan grinned. "First I want a special treat from all of you hot cunts. 
I'm gonna lie down here and I want all of you to take turns pissing on 
my cock and balls."

"Gosh, that'll be fun!" Eva exclaimed.

"Honey, we'd love to!" Sally giggled. She had a lot of piss backed up, 
and her daughters did, too.

"I've been wanting to." Fay said. "I mean take a piss!"

Dan grinned and sank down on his back on the bare concrete. He spread 
his legs and tensed his prick. It angled out over his belly. Prick 
juice shone on his cock knob.

"Mom first!" Jan giggled.

"Come on, Mom, piss all over his cock!" Eva exclaimed.

Sally trembled and stood directly above Dan's hips, tipping her crotch 
back. A stream of yellowish piss gushed from her tingling cunt, 
splashing across Dan's cock and nuts. Dan's prick tensed. He loved it.

Eva followed. She crouched down a little, flooding Dan's outfit with 
more piss. His prick tensed again.

"Damn, that feel great!" Dan chuckled. "All that hot piss."

"I got a big bunch of it saved up, Daddy!" Fay giggled. Eva moved out 
of the way, and Fay spread her long legs above her father's crotch. Her 
dainty cunt erupted with a stream of yellow piss. It splashed on Dan's 
belly, his legs and cock.

"Yeahhhh!" Dan said.

"Oh, get it good and big for my asshole, Daddy!" Jan giggled.

"It's getting up there, sweet baby!"

Jan stood above Dan, then lowered her hips until her cunt was only a 
few inches from his cock. Dan reached for his prick, aiming it straight 
upward at Jan's swollen cunt.

Sally peered in close as Jan's cunt spewed a flood of piss right 
against Dan's prickhead. It was one of the most stimulating things 
Sally had ever seen. Her cunt twitched, her clit ached.

Suddenly Dan gripped Jan's right hip with his left hand, held his prick 
straight up with his right, and carefully pulled her down against his 
cockhead. Sally watched Jan's cunt lips stretch around Dan's cock knob. 
Jan whimpered, her knees spread further, and his huge prick slipped 
slowly up into blonde Jan's cunt.

"Uhhhhh, ohhhh, fuuuuuck!" Jan wailed. "It isn't in my ass, but it sure 
feels good!"

"Good cuuuuuunt!" Dan muttered, both hands now holding Jan's hips. "All 
that piss got me up real hard!"

"Daddy!" Jan cried. "Let go of my ass so I can fuck your cock!"

Dan's hands dropped, Jan gasped and started stroking her ass up and 
down, up and down. Eva, Fay and Sally all watched.

"Fuck him till he cums, Jan!" Sally panted.

"Yes, fuck him good!" Eva exclaimed.

"I'm not gonna cum for a long time, girls." Dan grinned. "Jan, I'll 
fuck you in the ass some other time. I want cunt now, lots of hot cunt.

"Ohhhh, my cunt's cumming!" Jan wailed, her ass flying.

"Good!" Dan chuckled. "Cum, baby, cum! Then I want more cunt. Eva, 
you're next."

Sally wondered when she would have her turn. Her cunt was drooling, her 
tits ached. She watched Jan stroke through her cum, whimpering and 
cursing. She was hardly finished when Dan lifted her away, and Eva 
quickly spraddled out, ready for her fuck.

Jan sagged into a chair, her right hand jiggling on her pussy. Fay and 
Sally stared as Eva slipped her cunt down on Dan's pussy-slick cock and 
rammed it up in her cunt.

"Uhhhh!" Eva cried, fucking swiftly. "Jeeesus, that's good! Ohhhh, my 
cunt's cumming already! Ohhhhh, fuuuuuck!"

The swift flash of Eva's pretty ass, her wild cry of joy, shook Sally 
to the core of her being. Eva bobbed and lunged at Dan's cock, her cunt 
squishing against his prick root.

"Yeah." Dan grinned. "Come hard, baby! Come good!"

Brunette Eva finished and slumped down on her father, her tits grinding 
at his chest. He cupped her ass cheeks.

"Damn it, get your cunt off his cock!" Fay breathed. "It's my turn for 
fun!"

Dan nodded up at Fay, and Eva lifted away, exposing Dan's huge, cunt-
wet prick. Eva rolled over on her back and started whipping her cunt. 
Fay mounted swiftly, her little wet pussy was stretched around Dan's 
cock in no time.

"Uhhhhh!" Fay cried shrilly. "I'm cumming, my cunt's cumming!"

"That's fast, Fay." Dan grinned. "Bust your cunt, baby! Give me a good 
hot fuck!"

Fay stroked and whimpered, her cute ass shaking. Dan looked up at Sally 
and grinned. He let Fay complete her prick ride. Sally knew that Fay 
had had her cum very fast because she had watched Jan and Eva cum.

Finally Fay lifted up, crawled over to a chair and moved up into it, 
legs sprawled. Her right hand went to her puffy cunt. All three 
daughters were now using their hands on their cunts.

"Okay, Sally, now give me a real good fucking." Dan grinned. "Show 
these young cunts what a piece of ass is all about."

Sally shook with lust. She spread her legs, mounted into position, and 
in a second, her twitching, leaking cunt was sliding down around Dan's 
huge prick. Her achy cunt fluttered sweetly.

"Ohhhh, Dan!" Sally cried. "Your cock is bigger than it ever was 
before!"

"Lots of fresh pussy gets it stiff, honey." Dan said. He gripped her 
tits and tensed his prick. "Cum as many times as you can, honey. Cum 
big and hard!"

Sally gasped with delight and began stroking. Three drives and then a 
spine tingling pause. Her cunt was already tightening for her cum. She 
waited and waited, drawing out her pleasure. Dan grinned.

"Watch your mother now, girls." Dan said. "She's ready to cum, but 
she's waiting. Never rush a good thing!"

"Ohhhhh, it's so good!" Sally breathed, stroking again.

"Mom, how do you keep from cumming?" Jan asked.

"Control, honey, control!" Sally exclaimed. She stroked again, again. 
Suddenly she knew she had to have her cum, her first cum. She would 
delay the next one, and the next.

Her hips lurched, her tits bulged out, her head jerked and the flood of 
her passion rippled through her crotch and legs, her belly and her 
tits.

"Uhhhhh, FUUUUUCK!" Sally cried out. "Hold your jizz, Dan! I gotta cum 
about ten more times!"

His big cock thumped in her cunt, deep and true. He wasn't cumming, he 
was holding back while she had her explosive cum.

"Boy, Mom, you sure can fuck!" Jan exclaimed.

Sally couldn't answer.

"She's cumming again!" Eva cried.

"Uhhhhh, fuuuck, I sure am, girls!" Sally panted.

Suddenly Dan's prick stiffened even more, his grip tightened on her 
bobbing tits, his face twisted.

"Yeahhhhhh!" Dan growled. "Fuck hard, Sally! I'm gonna cum!"

Sally floated in a throbbing heaven of total pleasure. She was cumming 
again, her clit was pulsing again, her asshole was clenching again.

Dan's cock filled Sally's cunt full of spurting jizz. She felt the 
swift contractions of her cunt as it sucked the flood of hot spunk up 
in her cunt. Dan's big nuts were like rocks against her fluttering cunt 
lips. He was dumping a big load of jizz. And her cunt answered.


The End




Trio
L.S. Hauser's Trio - lhauser@mcimail.com


Author's Note

"Trio" is based on several stories that have been bumping around in my
head for several years. The characters and situations are key parts of
a much larger world. I need to get the events of "Trio" realized and
into words before I can get on with the rest of the story.

"Trio" contains lesbianism, sibling incest and group sex. If any of
these subjects offend you, please don't continue. If you enjoy the
story, or have comments or criticisms, please send mail. Look for two
more stories in Trio's world, tentatively entitled "Revelation"
(occurring prior to "Trio") and "The Lair" (occurring after "Trio") in
the near future.

"Trio" is copyright (c) 1994 by L.S. Hauser. All rights are retained
by the author. The right to redistribute "Trio" electronically and to
print-out for individual use is hereby granted.

====================================================

TRIO Part 1 of 3 - Fireworks

====================================================

I was jealous when my twin brother Jon told me he had a girlfriend.
Jon was mine, and I didn't want to share him.  I couldn't tell him
that, of course. I was the fast girl during high school, and even in
college, when my tastes went far beyond what I could get in back seat,
I never even tried to make love to Jon. We were best friends, and
sometimes he was the only guy in the world I could stand the sight of,
but I never told him how I truly felt.

But this woman, who he found in our sophomore year in junior college,
was a threat all the sudden. Jon was a propeller-head and had as much
social life as the computers he worked on. Our mother and I kept him
decently dressed and made sure he had a date now and then, but when he
latched on to this Daphne person, it was a surprise.

I have to admit she did him good. She was a fellow computer person, he
told us. One day, he asked me to come along when he picked her up from
work.

We waited for her in the mall. I didn't even know what she looked
like, and I was surprised at the woman who waved and smiled as she
came out the door.

"This is Daphne," he said to me. "And this is my sister, Robin." My
respect for Jon went into orbit. She was drop-dead beautiful. Like me,
she was of medium height, with thick, dark hair pulled back and tied
with a crimson ribbon. She had a pale, round face and wore a black
jacket, very short black skirt, black stockings, and flats. She wore
oversized round glasses over large, violet eyes. I felt almost plain
next to her.

She squeezed my hand firmly, then let go of it and kissed Jon very
thoroughly.

The initial impression was good for both of us. The fact that we liked
each other immediately didn't lessen my jealousy, but made it easier.
We became close quickly. We double-dated (I didn't have a regular
boy-friend, but I had a small stable of men who were more than willing
to be seen with me). I spent time with both of them. We made a very
comfortable threesome. She became my best friend.

Mom told me she was sure they were sleeping together. I knew they
were, but I wasn't telling. I didn't talk to them about it either,
because I was afraid I'd betray myself.

Every summer Mom arranged to borrow a friend's lakeside home over the
Independence Day weekend. Jon and I were going, of course, and Daphne
was invited too.

Mom, Jon and I arrived together Thursday night, and Daphne was beating
on the front door by eight the next morning.  When the day got warm,
we ditched shorts for bathing suits. Jon had his classic trunks, I
wore a high-collared, skin tight yellow one piece, and Daphne wore a
thong bikini that was positively indecent. She looked very good, and I
wondered again how Jon had managed to land her. It made me want to get
her into bed, and I felt a different kind of jealousy.

"I think you must be the two sexiest women in the world," Jon said as
he lay between us beside the lake.

"You can't count," I said. "There's one here, and she's on the other
side of you." I'm far from beautiful, but I've got a killer body and I
make the most of it.

"I accept the compliment," Daphne said, "and I don't think Robin has
anything to complain about."

"Besides," I said, "I'm your sister, you're not supposed to notice
me."

"Sorry," he said, slapping my butt, "can't help it." So maybe he did
notice me. We'd shared a bathroom for years, he should have noticed
something by now. I had. He could pat my rear anytime.  He turned his
head away and I heard the sound of his hand on Daphne's bottom. She
laughed, and I looked over. His hand lingered on her bare bottom, and
for a moment I envied her. But I kept watching his hand until he drew
it back.

We had a barbecue in the late afternoon and debated whether or not
we'd all go watch fireworks at the park on the far side of the lake.
Mom decided she wanted to go, but we decided to stay. I had an idea
why Jon and Daphne wanted mom to go away for awhile, but they seemed
willing to let me stay. Mom seemed happy that I was staying too,
probably thinking it would keep them from any sexual shenanigans. I
knew better, but I wasn't telling her.

We cleaned up and sat in the shade of the porch. Mom and I read and
Jon and Daphne played backgammon. About seven o'clock Mom decided to
leave to find a good seat. As soon as the car disappeared up the
driveway Jon and Daphne were on their feet.

"We'll be back," Jon said to me.

"Ooooh, can I watch?" I asked playfully. Jon, of course, knew my
predilections, and ignored me.

"Not this time!" Daphne replied with a laugh as they disappeared into
the house.

Refilling my glass from the pitcher of iced tea, I thought about her
answer, wondering if she meant it. I returned to my book, but I
couldn't concentrate because I caught myself listening to them. I
could imagine Jon's hands on her breasts, his lips and tongue on her
round, brown nipples, his fingers opening the delicate flower between
her legs, finding the sensitive nub of her clitoris beneath its hood
with his tongue. My fantasy was punctuated by a particularly loud moan
from Daphne, and I imagined her mouth open, her tongue licking its way
up Jon's erect cock, exploring the cleft at the base of his glans,
then the hole at its tip, sucking it into her mouth, her head bobbing
up and down as she took him deeper and deeper, his hands in her hair
and on her breasts...

Unconsciously I'd been rubbing my vulva through the thin material of
my swimsuit, and my orgasm was almost a surprise. I relaxed afterward,
slurped iced tea, wondering how I could have either one of them. I
enjoyed women as well as men, and I simply couldn't find a preference
for either. Right now I felt a strong preference for both my brother
and his lover.

Daphne stepped out onto the porch, in her bikini, her color high.
Without saying anything, she found her glass and poured herself some
tea. I smiled at her and returned to my book.

Fireworks were scheduled for 10:30, and it was pretty dark an hour
earlier. We played frisbee on the lawn for awhile until it got dark,
then sat on the grass by the lake, still in our swimsuits. It was
pleasantly warm.

"Want to take a swim?" I asked.

"Skinny dip!" Jon said.

This caught me by surprise, but it was dark, after all, and there were
no other houses too close.

"I will if Daphne will," I said.

"Well, I've got nothing to hide," she said.

"I know," I said, "you haven't been hiding it all day!" She laughed.
Jon already had his trunks off. I stripped off my suit as Daphne
untied her halter and slipped off her thong. Her breasts were smaller
than mine, and her hips wider. I'd always wanted a figure more like
hers than mine, with breasts too big and butt too skinny. I watched
her ass bounce into the lake with a splash.  "C'mon, Robin," Jon said,
grabbing my hand and pulling me toward the water. He kept a tight grip
on me until we hit the water and ran full into Daphne. We all went
down in a pleasant tangle of arms and legs.

We shed our inhibitions along with our bathing suits. Splashing turned
into tickling in the shallows, and it didn't seem to matter who was
tickling who. Tickling turned into wrestling . I took Jon down once,
and we were grabbing just anywhere to get the job done. Daphne pulled
me off of him and took me down with obvious glee.

After I elbowed her off my back she decided that Jon was friendlier,
and after a very quick, very touchy-feely conference, they ganged up
on me. For about two seconds I was underwater with something heavy and
soft on me. I barely had time to struggle against imminent drowning
when they hauled me up and, amid much laughter, deposited me with a
thud on the grass.

I lay on my back, spread-eagled, unable to control my own laughter,
and they collapsed nearby, laughing at least as hard as me. Eventually
I was reduced to just trying to catch my breath, until I noticed that
the heavy breathing nearby had a different note to it. I rolled onto
my side. Jon and Daphne were practicing their french kissing. They
were side by side and Jon was in an obvious state of excitement.

I probably should have snuck off, but the preceding half hour of water
sports had removed all traces of sanity. I crept a few feet closer to
them and just watched. When their kiss ended they looked straight at
me.

"Can I watch?" I asked, my voice just above a whisper.

"God, yes," Daphne said. Jon dipped his head to take her left nipple
in his mouth, which I took for assent. I settled back on my knees as
she moaned with pleasure as he sucked, then extended his tongue to
circle the nipple.

Jon straightened up on his knees after a few moments. His cock stood
out from his body like a pump handle, long and thick. In the bright
moonlight I could see the glitter of a drop of liquid on its tip.
Daphne got up and crept closer to him and I spread my knees against
the rough, cool grass in anticipation.

The angle was bad, but I knew she had taken his cock in her mouth by
the way her head moved and the way his hand curled about her neck. I
scooted to the right to see better, and saw his cock slowly sliding
out from between her lips, gleaming with her saliva. His pole was
bigger than any I'd ever sucked, and I could almost taste his turgid
flesh. I cupped my breasts and squeezed as her tongue curled around
his glans. She ran her pursed lips up and down the shaft, even sucking
on one of his balls, before taking first his glans back in her mouth,
then the shaft all the way to the root, so fast that I almost gagged
in sympathy. It didn't seem to bother her at all, and she left him in
there for what seemed like a full minute, her jaw and throat working.
Jon grabbed her head with both hands, his eyes closed, and when she
released his cock, he began to pump his hips, fucking her mouth. I saw
movement between her legs; her ass was still prominent to me, and the
movement was her hand, teasing her vagina open. I dropped my right
hand from my breast, leaving it almost cold in the night air, and
found my own clitoris. It was already tingling with vicarious
pleasure, but the first touch of my finger sent an almost painful stab
through my legs and buttocks.

At my gasp, Daphne released Jon's cock completely, then grabbed it
with the hand that had recently been between her legs. She looked at
me with a slight smile, then looked up at him.  "Do me," she said, her
voice surprisingly loud.

"Sit on my face," he replied, glancing at me as if to make sure he
still had his audience.  Daphne rolled to a sitting position, her
knees wide apart, and he lay on his back.

"You just want me to suck your cock more," she said, bending over him.
Their tongues slid over each other, then she turned and kissed his
belly.

"Just don't get distracted and bite down at the wrong time," he said
as she swung one leg over him. He grabbed her generous hips and pulled
her ass to him. The last thing I saw of his face was his tongue
sticking out, its tip moving in anticipation.

Daphne kissed the tip of his cock again, and her lips and tongue moved
over the shaft, but she was soon too distracted to work seriously on
him.

By this time I had my middle finger deep inside myself, and I lifted
one breast up to tongue my nipple. Daphne had abandoned any thought of
fellatio. Her back was arched, her head thrown back, and she twisted
one of her nipples furiously between her fingers.  Soon enough she
came with a loud gasp, sparking my own orgasm, which was just a little
quieter.

After a few moments she rolled off and knelt beside him, stroking his
chest and belly. Then he took her by the waist and pulled her on top
of him. She straddled him, and they kissed greedily as he moved his
hands over her back and ass. His cock was in shadow between her legs,
but I could imagine it pressing against her pussy lips. I crept
closer, my heart thudding painfully.

Indeed, I saw in the dim light, the tip of my brother's penis lay
nestled between her damp lips, and I was close enough to smell their
musk. I watched her hips press downward and his push upward, but his
cock slid away. I saw my opportunity to have at least a little part in
this love feast, so I reached down between Daphne's legs, took hold of
the warm, hard cock, and aimed it again for Daphne's waiting pussy.
Feeling what I was doing, Jon didn't move, but Daphne thrust downward
again, and my positioning of his cock was perfect. I rested my arm on
Daphne's leg as he slid into her, then too far out. I steadied it
again, now wet with her juices, and once again she impaled herself on
him, this time sitting up on his hips so he wouldn't slip out again. I
moved back, my hand boldly brushing the smooth skin of her bottom, and
sat back with my legs curled under me, sucking at my musk-moistened
fingers.

Jon's hands cupped and caressed Daphne's breasts, rolling her nipples
as she bounced up and down on him. He was getting closer and closer to
coming, but she had other plans and stopped her movement.

"Don't stop, Daph," he moaned.

"I want you on top of me," she said, kissing him and standing,
releasing his cock. Without looking behind her she flopped on her
back, her knees in the air and spread wide. I saw where her head was
going to land and I positioned myself underneath it. She looked up at
me, but her attention was taken by Jon's thrusting cock and she
reached down to guide him in.

He lay atop her, his mouth locked on hers, her hands on his ass, and
his hips moved slowly. I leaned on one hand and looked down at them,
my other hand resting absently against Daphne's head. As Jon's
excitement increased, he rose up on his hands, his head brushing
against my breast as he did so. Not breaking the rhythm of his fucking
he looked up at me and licked his lips. Unable to resist his plea, I
held out that breast to him and watched as he fastened his mouth on my
waiting nipple. I couldn't contain my moan of pleasure as he sucked at
it, sending a laser beam of pleasure straight to my clitoris. I looked
down at my brother sucking my breast and saw Daphne below him, her
head pillowed on my thighs, her eyes glittering in the moonlight,
watching us, smiling and licking her lips.

Emboldened by my brother's touch and his lover's apparent approval, I
reached down with my free hand and took hold of her breast. It was
just big enough to fill my hand, and I saw her close her eyes. Out of
the corner of my eye I watched one hand move from Jon's waist into the
darkness between their bodies. From Jon's reaction she must have found
the point of union, where his penis pistoned in and out of her vagina.
His mouth left my breast and he arched his head back, grunting and
groaning with the ecstasy of his rapidly-approaching climax. He cried
aloud as he came, and his buttocks clenched as he thrust into Daphne
as far as he could.

At that moment the fireworks started across the lake, gold, green, red
and blue light spreading over us. Jon lowered himself onto Daphne. I
looked up at the display, caressing Daphne's hair, and after a moment
I stroked Jon's hair as well. Eventually I became aware of my legs
falling asleep beneath me and tried to move them a little. I didn't
really want to disturb our little tableau, but Daphne sensed my
discomfort.

"Up, dear," she said softly, and Jon rose on his knees between her
legs, his penis now only half-erect. He took her hands and pulled her
to a sitting position, her head resting against his chest. I
straightened out my legs, then wiggled them back and forth to restore
the circulation.

"Show off," I heard Daphne say.

"Exhibitionist," he replied.

"Voyeur," I said, raising my hand and waving it. They both laughed and
let go of each other, sitting in the grass.

"God, that was good," Daphne said. "We should do it with an audience
more often."

"I liked it too," I said. I got up, shaking my legs a little more. He
got up too, and to my surprise grabbed me about the waist, pulled me
to him, and gave me a most unbrotherly kiss. Then he let me go just as
fast, took Daphne's hand, and started toward the house. Just as big
red starshell lit up the sky I saw Daphne turn and smile at me over
her shoulder.

I scooped up our bathing suits and followed them.

====================================================

"Trio" is copyright (c) 1994 by L.S. Hauser. All rights are retained
by the author. The right to redistribute "Trio" electronically and to
print-out for individual use is hereby granted.

====================================================

TRIO Part 2 of 3 - The Fist


I frigged myself to sleep and woke early, feeling refreshed. I made
coffee and sat on the porch in my robe.

There was movement inside, and Daphne came out the door with her own
cup of coffee and robe and sat next to me.

"Hi," she said.

"Hi," I said. I looked at her, caught her looking sideways at me, and
sipped. "No regrets?"

"No," she said after a moment. "None at all." I held my hand out to
her and after a moment's hesitation she took it and squeezed.

"We could go on a little hike today," I said. "There's a trail I know,
flat, in the trees..."

"Just you and me, okay?" she said. Surprised, I agreed.

The trail was a half-dozen miles up in the hills. I stopped in a
turnout where the car would be in the shade most of the day, and
pointed out an almost-hidden trail leading into the woods. The
property was owned by the same people who owned the cabin and was
quite private.

Daphne took the knapsack first, and we started off. After a short,
sharp climb over a ridge we descended into the valley of a small
stream that drained into the lake. The walk was enjoyable, with birds
singing and squirrels in the trees and a light breeze to keep the
woods from getting stuffy.

"Can we talk about last night?" she asked after we'd been on the trail
for about half an hour.

"Sure, but let's stop first. There's a good spot by the stream up here
a little way. We can stop there." I wanted to talk to her, too, as
well as to my brother.

We found it about ten minutes later, a little thicket that couldn't be
seen from the trail unless you knew where it was. We sat, pulled out
Diet Cokes, and looked at each other.

"I've never done anything like that before," Daphne said. She looked
at me, expecting an answer.

"I have, kinda. I was at a party once that turned into an orgy. There
were three of us there, none with a date. We mostly watched."

"Mostly?"

I just smiled.

"It was fun being watched."

"It was really fun watching."

She laughed. "Your brother..."

"Yeah." I took a long drink, remembering my hand on his cock, his
mouth on my nipple, his tongue and mine together.

"I think you wanted more from him than what you got last night." She
didn't look at me.

"He's my brother, Daphne. My twin brother." I wondered who I was
trying to convince.

"So you guys have never..."

"No. That was the first time we'd ever ... touched each other like
that."

"Well, Jon does kind of lose himself to the moment during sex." She
was trying not to smile.

"That french kiss he gave me was somewhat after sex," I shot back,
challenging.

"Yeah, you're right, it was."

"Daphne, you don't seem to mind that I would really like to sleep with
Jon."

She laughed.

"Why should I? You're his sister. You're no threat. I wouldn't mind
sharing him with you, 'cause you'd never take him away from me."

I hadn't thought of it that way.

"You're right, I wouldn't do that. Couldn't do that." I sighed.  "But
how does he feel about it? Has he told you?"

"I think last night was an indication. It doesn't matter if he's
related to you or not, part of him wants you."

I sipped and sat for awhile. "Yeah, well, the feeling's mutual.  So
what do I do, jump him some night when you're not around?"

She turned toward me, pushed a lock of dark hair away from her face,
and said, "Robin, I would not make you commit incest without being
there to provide moral support."

"Or immoral support, whichever the case may be." We laughed hard,
rocking against each other. I ended up leaning on her shoulder and
didn't feel much like moving. She didn't push me off, either. I
decided to take the next logical step.

"I'm queer, you know," I said.

"I wondered. Bisexual, I presume."

"I have no preferences. I take what's offered to me, if I find it
attractive."

Her fingers dangled tantalizingly over my knee, their tips just
brushing it.

"Am I attractive?" she asked.

"Well, yeah. Am I?" I wasn't sure who was doing the pushing here.

"I've never been with another woman before." She laughed and looked at
me. "Have you heard that one before?"

"Only the last time I said it. I was a virgin six months ago. As far
as other women were concerned, that is." I looked at her hand, still
dangling.

"Do you want to?"

"When you touched me last night...I liked it. It excited me. I've
thought about it before, wondered. I'd like to try it." Her hand
landed solidly on my knee.

"You know," I said, covering her hand with mine, my heart thumping, "I
learned an interesting thing at that party. Threesomes are lots of
fun."

"Threesomes? Like you and Jon and me?"

"Yeah."

"You learned that at the party? Just by watching?"

"We three women were the only unattached people. The atmosphere kind
of got to us."

"So you joined in?"

"No. We played together. One of the other women was quite experienced
with other women. It was quite ... educational. I think one with a man
involved would be at least as much fun."

She was looking at me, a little shyly. I bent forward and touched her
lips with mine, trying to go slow, but she wasn't too interested - her
tongue parted my lips, and to my surprise she became the aggressor.
Her arms went around me and she was against me, and I spread my hand
over one side of her ass, curling my fingertips into the cleft as far
as her shorts let me.

Her tongue explored my mouth thoroughly. I love the feeling of
someone's tongue in my mouth, a warm, slippery thing, alive unlike any
other part of the body. A tongue can be like a playful seal, leaping
from place to place, from teeth to palate, or a probe, pushing and
hard. Two tongues are like lovers, twining around each other like
giraffes' necks. If they could fuck, they would.

Soon I'd lovingly pushed her tongue back to its own mouth and explored
just as assiduously. I felt heat building between my legs.

The kiss ended at last. We looked at each other for a moment, and I
touched her face. She dropped her eyes; she was actually blushing.

"Okay?" I asked. I was afraid to break the silence, afraid it would
break the moment.

"Yes," she said, her voice barely above a whisper.

I pulled her tank top out of her shorts and up over hear head, letting
her take care of getting it off her arms. She wore a sports bra, and I
pushed it up off her lovely breasts. She took care of it, too, while I
ran my hands over the pert mounds of brown-tipped flesh. The rest of
her clothes followed quickly, and she sat cross-legged, her elbows on
her knees, and watched me strip. I felt good under her eyes, an
unaccustomed pride in my body making me thrust out my breasts as I
exposed them to her.  Naked, I knelt beside her, one knee touching her
leg.

She put her hand on my leg, leaned over, and ran it up my thigh to my
hip, up my side to my right breast. She tried to cup it, but it
overflowed her hand. She got on her knees and moved as close as she
could get, one knee between my legs. We embraced, belly to belly and
breast to breast, kissing, and this time my fingers were deep in the
cleft of her ass. How deep would she let me go? My forefinger found
the rim of her anus, then the center, and she gripped my waist harder,
her kiss insistent. I pulled my finger back, saving it for later.

I started kissing my way downward. The downy skin of her cheek became
moist beneath my lips, and she gasped as I nipped at her earlobe. Then
I drew my tongue down her throat and into the hollow beneath her
collarbone, tasting sweat-salt on her skin. Then I reached her breast.
I licked it all over, all of it except her nipple.

She arched her back, breathing heavily, and when I judged the time to
be right (and when I couldn't stand waiting any longer myself) I
sucked as much of her nipple into my mouth as I could. She gasped and
grabbed my head, and let out a little grunt as my tongue stabbed at
her. Then I let it go and alternated circling her nipple with my
tongue and sucking at it. Eventually I licked my way across to her
other breast and did much the same thing.

This play eventually dissolved into more kissing, and then she wanted
to do it to me. I lay back on the rough grass, twitched my shoulders
around a little to kill an itch in the middle of my back, and let her
go to it. She straddled my hips, and I ran my hands from her knees up
to her breasts, which hung down delightfully over mine as her tongue
explored the hollow of my throat.

I don't like my breasts all that much most of the time. They're too
big, attracts lots of attention (some of it unwelcome) and give me
backaches (all of them unwelcome). The only time I like them is during
sex, whether it's just me masturbating in bed at night or with someone
else. They are so sensitive, it's sometimes like there's direct link
between them and my clit. I've made myself come playing with my
breasts alone.

So I started getting pretty excited when Daphne put her nose right
between them, then gathered one in each hand and squeezed them
together. I felt her take a deep breath in there, felt her licking and
nuzzling. I held fast to her hips, and opened my eyes only when she
let my breasts go and straightened up for a moment. We looked at each
other and smiled.

She bent over again, took my left breast between both hands and went
to work on my nipple.

Her mouth on my breast was exquisite. She seemed to devote all of her
attention to it. The heat between my legs was like a fire, the
tingling building with delicious agony in my clit. My vagina felt like
a running faucet, and she was my only relief. Then she did the
unexpected; she made me come.

She knew what she'd done and eased off her attentions, laying on top
of me. I wrapped my legs and arms around her.

"You really came?" she asked, her mouth close to my ear.

"Oh, yeah."

"Jon always seems to like sucking on mine...I wanted to see what he
experiences."

"Did you like it?" I asked.

"Yes!"

Daphne was in an exploratory mood now. Her fingers were making their
way down my ribs, across my belly, to the edge of my pubis. Her eyes
and mine had followed their progress southward, and when she stopped I
spread my legs and moved my hips, urging her on. I found her looking
at me, and she licked her lips and kissed me. She seemed nervous. I
put a hand in her hair and tried to encourage her by kissing back.
Somewhere in the middle of the kiss her hand slid between my legs and
her fingers explored, first tentatively, then with greater assurance.
I knew what she was thinking; it was very strange to touch another
woman's sex for the first time, feeling things that are very familiar,
yet receiving only half the sensation.

She had no trouble finding my clitoris, which she touched only
briefly, as if wanting to prove she'd really found it. Then she traced
the folds of my inner lips and finally ventured a finger inside,
followed quickly by a second. Her two fingers filling me like a
slender cock. I wanted more. If she had any uncertainty of how to
please me, now was the time to end it. I broke the kiss.

"I want your tongue down there," I said. She looked down at where her
fingers were buried to the third knuckle inside of me, and positioned
herself between my legs. She removed her fingers from my vagina, and
put her hands on the insides of my thighs, and pushed to spread them
further than they were already.

She blew gently on my vulva, inhaling my scent. Then, just as I was
about to give her head a push, she dove in. She lapped at my labia,
tasting the juices coming from inside me, and finally unhooded my
clit.

I don't remember much after that. Her tongue was as magic to my sex as
it had been to my mouth and nipples. I remember taking a hank of her
hair between my fingers and rolling one of my nipples with the other
hand, and the waves of pleasure that rolled over me like flowing lava.
I remember being very noisy when I came. I remember tasting myself in
her mouth when we kissed afterward. She rolled onto her back.

After regaining my equilibrium, I bent down and kissed her breast,
then rubbed my cheek down her thigh. She seemed to know what I wanted
her to do without any words. I lay on my back and she lifted her leg
over my head, and I took her lusciously wide hips in my hands and
pulled her back and down so her pussy was positioned just above me.
Looking between her legs, I saw her breasts dangling, and her head
turned back to see what I was doing.

I ran my hands over the sweet globes of her ass and looked at the
vulva above me, then put two fingers of my right hand into her. She
was wet and very slippery and they slid in easily, all the way. I
pulled my fingers out and put two from my other hand inside, better
for what I wanted to do later.

I finger-fucked her for a few minutes, and felt her licking my thighs.
Then I pulled her pussy down to my mouth, which I had wide open to
encompass as much of her as possible with that first contact. She
tasted very neutral, not spunky like some other women I'd tasted. I
french-kissed her vulva, carefully keeping my tongue away from her
clit but letting it range over her underbody, all the way up to her
asshole and back down. She was quivering above me, her breath cool
against my moist pussy.

Finally I probed for her clit and began circling it. She moaned even
as she licked my labia. One of the nicest things about making love to
another woman is being able to do what you want  done to you. She'd
done a good job on me.

I briefly put the middle finger of my left hand back into her vagina,
but finger-fucking wasn't my intention. Instead I wet the rim of her
asshole with the liquid and started working the digit in. She moaned
loudly and shoved her tongue into my vagina, keeping it up as I pushed
my finger deeper up her ass, wiggling and twisting it as I flicked my
tongue faster and faster on her clit.

"Oh, GOD!" she yelled. I felt her sphincter convulse around my finger,
followed by a constriction of her labia, and her juices gushed into my
mouth. She was going "hungh, hungh, hungh," in rhythm with the
contractions of her orgasm, and I had to swallow her pussy juice to
keep from drowning.

Slowly, Daphne sat upright, being careful not to sit too hard on my
face. I started to pull my finger from her ass, and she helped,
pushing it out with contractions of her anus. Then she turned and
threw herself on top of me. We lay there kissing and hugging for a
long time.

"God, that was good," she said at last. She got off me and sat in the
grass, her knees wide, the soles of her feet pressed together, letting
the breeze blow over her pussy.

"Want some more? Something kinky?" I asked, kneeling beside her, my
left arm around her slender waist.

"As kinky as you want," she said, then pressed her hand to my cheek.
"I'd do anything you wanted."

I put my hand between her legs, teasing her labia with my fingers. She
leaned against me and watched as I put first one finger inside her,
then two, gently rotating them to open her up. I put three in her,
then four. Her eyes got bigger than her cervix as she realized what I
was doing, but she never said a word, just caressed my face and let it
happen.

Four fingers was tight for awhile, but I was persistent and soon
enough my thumb found its way in, and a few moments later I had my
fist up her vagina. Once she accepted the reality of everything up to
my wrist inside her, she closed her eyes, clutching my arm.

"You okay?" I asked.

"Yeah.  I just never imagined I could have that much up there...
ugnh!" I had started moving in and out, fist-fucking her. My whole
body seemed to be humming, I was so turned on. It didn't take her long
to come, and I came right along with her from the simple excitement of
the act. I knew how it felt to receive a fist, but I'd never done it
to anyone before. It was worth the wait.

Slowly I drew my hand from inside her. She grabbed it and licked it
clean, then kissed me. I felt sated, almost unwilling to do another
thing besides sleep. I lay back in the grass, but she sat and watched
me.  The last thing I remember was her looking down at me, her hands
idly cupping her breasts.

====================================================

"Trio" is copyright (c) 1994 by L.S. Hauser. All rights are retained
by the author. The right to redistribute "Trio" electronically and to
print-out for individual use is hereby granted.

====================================================

TRIO Part 3 of 3 - A Dark and Stormy Night

====================================================

I woke to find Daphne snuggled up against my back. She sat up, when I
stirred, knocking off the clothing she'd covered us with.

"What time is it?" she asked.

I looked at my watch through bleary eyes. "Almost 2 o'clock."

"We should probably head back," she said.

"Had enough, hmm?"

"Only for now," she replied, giving my shoulder a shove. Then she gave
me a very intimate kiss and we got dressed. I shouldered the knapsack
and we started down the trail hand in hand.

"You know," she said, "I think I'm falling in love with you."  My
heart did a handspring and I squeezed her hand.

"You can do that," I said, "and I'll probably return the feeling. But
don't fall out of love with my brother!"

"Don't worry. I think I can be in love with both of you."

"So," she said after awhile, "do you want to make love to Jon?"

"I want to make love to both of you."

Nothing more needed to be said. We walked in silence the rest of the
way, holding hands when we could. Just before the last drop to the
road she pulled me up short and hugged me.

At lake, Jon was fishing from the dock and mom was reading on the
porch. We'd been home about an hour when the phone rang. She swore,
and I could see her trying to decide whether to ignore it or not.
She's like me, though, too conscientious. She went into the house to
answer it.

"It's your grandmother," she said. "I need to go home tonight. You
guys can lock up tomorrow and come home tomorrow night, okay?"

"Sure," I said, my mind going over the possibilities for the night
ahead. "No problem."

"And no hanky-panky, either," she said. I knew she meant I was to try
to keep an eye on Jon and Daphne. Parents are naive sometimes; she
really thought I was going to be able to stop them from having sex.
She had no idea that I was planning on encouraging them.

"I'll see what I can do, Mom," I replied, and smiled at her back as
she went upstairs to pack.

She was gone by the time Jon and Daphne got back with a good string of
trout. Clouds had rolled in and a brisk wind was cooling down the air.
When I explained why mom left, they exchanged significant looks. Then,
when Jon wasn't looking, Daphne winked broadly at me. I wondered if
she had said anything to him.

While Jon cleaned his fish I went upstairs to take a shower. As I
stepped out of the tub, Daphne knocked and poked her head in.

"C'mon in," I said, enjoying the way her eyes moved up and down my
body.

"I can't believe this," she said. "It's too perfect!"

"I know," I said, toweling my hair. "You're sure you want to?"

"Oh, yes! I want to do it right now!"

"Lord, I've created a monster," I said with mock dismay.

"Don't worry," she said, putting her arms around me. "I really will
come down eventually."

"So what do you have in mind?"

"A fire, some wine, and surprise visit by two naked women. He'll be
like putty in our hands."

"That's cool, as long as he's not like putty in my pussy."

We fried up the trout and sat on the porch. It was still pleasant
outside, but it smelled like rain, and I made the suggestion to build
a fire in the living room. We hauled in some wood from under the porch
and Jon started up the fire in the big living room fireplace.

We'd already killed most of a bottle of White Zinfandel with diner, so
I emptied its dregs into our glasses and opened a new one. We lounged
on the couch, watching "Ghost" on the VCR. I was doing more watching
than they were; after the previous night, they had lost at least some
of their inhibitions in front of me. They were exchanging long, deep,
wet kisses, and it looked like she'd be deep-throating him soon,
putting our plans awry, if I didn't step in soon.

"Hey, Daphne, come with me," I said, tugging at her arm. She frowned,
then realized what I was doing, and extricated herself.  We retreated
as far as the kitchen.

"Damn, I almost forgot," she said.

"I thought so. I decided to pull you out before you got too involved."
My heart was pounding.

She was already naked, her leggings and shirt pooled on the floor at
her feet, and I was close behind.

"Ready?" she asked.

"Yes. No!" I was suddenly apprehensive. What if Jon didn't want me?
"You're sure he'll go for this?" I asked.

"He will, Robin."

"But he's my brother! You said he loses himself in the moment. Maybe
he won't want to pick up where we left off last night." I was
suddenly, inexplicably sure he wouldn't want me. I shivered and hugged
myself.

Daphne put both arms around me. "Don't worry. He won't be able to
resist us. Let's just go do it." She squeezed me, gave me a quick
kiss, then grabbed the wine bottle in one hand and my hand in the
other, pulling me into the dining room.

The couch was in the middle of the big, sunken living room, facing the
TV and the fireplace, its back to the dining room door. Jon held his
almost-empty wine glass in his right hand. Daphne motioned me to the
left and I took my place silently behind the couch.

Daphne leaned over her end of the couch and poured the wine. He turned
his head to thank her and did a double-take when he saw her naked
breasts.

"Daphne..." he said, looking over his shoulder to see if I was in the
room. I took that as my cue and vaulted the couch to land beside him.

"Looking for me, Jon?" I asked. If he wasn't before, he was now.

"Robin..." he said, his eyes flicking between my breasts and my face.
Then he was distracted as Daphne landed on the other side of him, took
a pull from the wine bottle, and placed it straight up between her
legs, nestled against her triangle.

"Robin, you want some of this wine?" she asked innocently, motioning
at the suggestively placed bottle.

"Sure," I replied, and draped myself across my brother's lap,
caressing the bottle first with my fingers, then my mouth. I felt like
Madonna, having oral sex with a bottle, but I was rewarded by a
growing hardness beneath my belly. Jon wasn't wearing any underwear
beneath his sweats!

He put his hand on my lower back and Daphne stroked my hair as if it
was her cock I was sucking on. I removed the bottle from between my
lips and looked back at him.

"Surprise," I said.

The hand on me was shaking a little, but his cock was as hard as ever.

"Robin...are you sure?" he asked, sounding as nervous as I felt. I sat
up and straddled his lap. His hands rested neutrally against my
ankles.

"I've been asking myself that all day," I said, "and yes, I'm very
sure."

"We're both very sure," Daphne said, placing a hand firmly on my
thigh.

He sighed, and I could see him bow to the inevitable.

"Who am I to resist?" he said, and seized my waist. I draped my arms
around his neck and planted my mouth on his. He tasted good, yielding
completely to my tongue, his hands reaching around to hold my ass. I
felt Daphne close by and opened my eyes to see her nibbling on his
ear.

We worked together to get his clothes off, Daphne taking the top. I
slid off his lap and pulled at his sweats. His cock popped free. Not
until that moment did I appreciate how well-hung my brother was, and I
hurried to get his pants off so I could explore his manhood in detail.

On my knees between his legs, I wrapped my fist around the shaft of
his penis. He was certainly bigger than any man I'd had. I stroked the
shaft, then traced around the hood of his glans with one finger,
tickling the cleft below his cum-hole. A drop of pre-cum oozed its way
out and I gathered it up on my finger and popped it into my mouth. Jon
and Daphne were both watching me. He had an arm around her, under her
arm and cupping her breast. He reached down and touched my cheek, his
expression eager. Daphne smiled and turned to kiss him.

I returned my attention to the cock pulsing in my grasp. Cupping his
loose scrotum with one hand, I bathed the glans with my tongue, mixing
my saliva with his pre-cum. The taste was tart, grainy, and I wondered
if I could get him to come in my mouth. Determined to try, I opened my
mouth and took him in.

Going down on a man gives me a feeling of power. I'm in control of his
pleasure. I had a very good teacher, and I used every technique I
knew. Jon was bigger than I was used to, so I didn't even try to
deep-throat him, but I took him as deep as I could and let my tongue
do the work for awhile. Then I used my tongue and lips on the shaft,
and sucked hard on the glans alone.

I don't pay any attention to what they were doing up above, but
eventually I felt Daphne's skin against mine, kneeling beside me. I
moved over and glanced at her. She put a hand over the one of mine
that held Jon's cock and fondled one of my buttocks with the other.

"Wanna share?" she asked.

"Sure." We both started licking his cock. He had a hand on each of our
heads, moaning softly. I licked my way down his shaft and sucked his
balls into my mouth one by one, letting Daphne do the deep duties. A
few moments later she pointed him in my direction. I ran my fingers
over the slick cum-hole and looked at him.

"I want you to come in my mouth," I told him.

"Do it, Jon," Daphne said. "He's got lots of stamina," she said to me.
"We can make him come lots of times tonight."

"Okay," Jon said, "Daphne knows how to get me off. After that, I want
some of Robin's tits."

"You come for me, you can have them," I replied.

"I'll pump, you suck," Daphne said. I watched her for a couple of
strokes, then took the head of his cock between my lips. They each had
a hand on my head as I moved it up and down. The muscles in his legs
flexed and his moans grew louder. Daphne pumped his cock with a steady
rhythm.

His grip on the back of my neck tightened and I knew an orgasm was
imminent. Daphne stopped stroking. Taking his cock deeper, I  heard
him groan and received a stream of warm fluid in my mouth. I
swallowed, used the increased lubrication to take him deeper, and got
another squirt. It was too much and I let it spill from my lips.
Letting his cock go, I was going to wipe my mouth with my hand, but
Daphne got to me first, licking my lips clean then pushing her tongue
into my mouth.

We knelt side by side and looked at Jon's amazed face.

"This isn't real, is it?" he asked. "It's just a dream I'll have to
wake up from."

"No, we're real," Daphne said with a wink at me. "And now you get to
do something for us."

"He gets my breasts," I said, jumping up and straddling his lap again.
His cock was still hard against my vulva, but I wasn't paying any
attention to it. I held my breasts out to him and he pressed his face
between them. I let his hands replace mine, and he squeezed, then
started pinching and rolling my nipples. The pleasure shot through my
chest and down to my clitoris, using my backbone as a shivering,
quivering highway.

As Jon made love to my breasts, I felt warm wetness on my bottom.
Daphne was licking and kissing the my butt, and her hand snaked around
in front of me, between my legs, and found Jon's cock, nestled against
my slit. There was no shyness to her; her hand moved against my pussy
as much as it massaged his cock. I moaned with the joy of their touch.

Her other hand was busy too. She'd learned quite a lot with me that
afternoon, because she was sliding a finger up my anus, moistened with
her own saliva or pussy juice. She worked it in and out,
finger-fucking my ass, and I almost lost it.

"Daphne, stop a minute," I gasped. "Don't move it!" I didn't want to
come yet, but her finger felt just right in my ass. I pulled Jon's
head from my breasts and pressed my open mouth against his.  He
reached down and grabbed both asscheeks and squeezed until I broke the
kiss.

I rolled off his lap, taking Daphne's finger with me, feeling the ring
of my anus turn around her it. I lay against the arm of the couch, and
enjoyed the sight of my brother regarding my body.

"What are you thinking?" I asked him.

"Trying to figure out how I can go down on both of you at the same
time," he said. He must have been beyond amazement at the situation
and into seriously taking advantage of it.

"Oooh, I knew this was gonna be good!" Daphne said.

"I think I know," I said. I pushed the finger from my anus and rolled
off the couch. "On your back, Daphne." She obeyed, and I lowered
myself on top of her, spreading her legs with my knees, carefully
positioning my mound over hers.

"Mmm, I like this," she said. I grinned down at her and looked back at
Jon. He was already on his knees behind us, and I felt his hand
exploring my pussy. From Daphne's reaction, his other hand was busy
with hers. He slid a finger into me as far as it would go, and pressed
his lips to my ass, almost biting, then sliding down to the inside of
my thigh, and further down between Daphne's legs. Her cheek pressed
hard against mine, her hands on my back.

"Ohhh," she said in my ear. I felt Jon's head against my thigh, but
his mouth was lower down. Then it came up and his tongue probed my
clitoris.

"Ummm," I said.

"This isn't it," he said. His hand rested on my rear.

"What do you have in mind?" I asked, wanting to give him whatever he
wanted.

"Get up, Robin," he said.

"Only if I have to." I got up on my knees and looked at him, kneeling
next to me, his cock still rock-hard.

"Here, lay on your back and put your pussy up against hers."

"Oh!" I said, seeing what he wanted. I did as he asked, my right leg
over her left leg, her left leg over my right, and we moved until our
nether lips were kissing. "This is good," I said. I got up on my
elbows. Daphne had elevated herself similarly. I wiggled my hips.

"Umm, yeah, that is good!" she said.

Jon ran his hands over our bellies. "I cannot believe I've got both of
you..." His hands went up over our ribcages and he took a breast in
each hand, kneading them gently, contrasting their differences. I saw
Daphne close her eyes and did the same, enjoying the sensation and the
knowledge that Daphne was feeling the same touch.

Then I felt his breath on my pubis. This must be satisfactory, I
thought, and felt him kiss first Daphne's mound, then mine. His hand
left my breast and went beneath me, resting against the curve of my
lower back. I opened my eyes.

He knelt at our hips, bending over our conjoined cunts. I watched his
tongue stab out and find my clitoris, and I felt Daphne's thighs
tremble against mine. He had hit both clits at once!

"That's it, Jon!" I said. "More!" He started to lick faster, sometimes
getting both of us together, sometimes concentrating on one of us. His
tongue was marvelous. He pressed his mouth to our mounds and his
tongue probed far down between us.

A finger slid down the cleft between my buttocks. As the heat spread
in my belly, I lifted one breast and started licking my nipple. This
was where I wanted my first orgasm. His magic tongue concentrated on
my clit and put me over the edge. Then he turned his attention to
Daphne, and I heard her sounds of ecstasy and felt her legs quiver and
convulse with orgasm.

We just laid there for a few minutes, a little lost in the afterglow,
but I wanted more and was sure the other two did too. Jon hadn't
fucked either of us yet, and extended foreplay wasn't what I had in
mind for the evening. Carefully I extricated myself from the
delightful position I was in. Jon stood to relieve his legs, and
Daphne rolled onto her belly. I stroked her rear and the insides of
her thighs. She sighed.

"I really want to get fucked right now," she said.

"I can do that," Jon said eagerly.

"Just be sure there's some left for me," I said, looking at his
erection with anticipation.

"Oh, there will be," he assured me, reaching down and giving my breast
a squeeze. I smiled up at him, and he pulled me to my feet and kissed
me.

"We should have done this a long time ago," he said.

"We didn't know," I replied.

"Fuck me!" Daphne said from the floor. He looked at her and hugged me.

"Your turn soon," he said.

Daphne had her rear in the air, and he slapped her ass lovingly. Her
vagina gapped open just at the level of his cock, and he found the way
in easily. I watched for a minute, then remembered this was supposed
to be a threesome. I crawled up beside him, put one arm around him and
the other hand on her bottom. He slid an arm around me and started
fondling my bottom, and I initiated a kiss. It made him miss his
rhythm a little, and I turned a little bit more to face him, my leg in
close contact with hers. I didn't mean to totally distract him, but
pretty soon his only contact with her was his cock; his other hand was
doing some wonderful things to my breasts.

Then I felt a hand between my legs. I couldn't turn to look, but
Daphne must have twisted around and was probing me. She put two
fingers into my vagina, then played around the rim of my asshole.
There were way too many hands on me at once and I loved it.

As Jon got closer to orgasm he started concentrating more on Daphne,
and I put some effort into helping him along. His strokes were long,
and I was able to reach down between them, circling his slick, hard
cock with two fingers, pressing them back against her labia. I
squeezed. It must have been just what he needed. His occasional moans
turned to rhythmic grunts, and he thrust himself all the way into
Daphne and let out a long loud sigh as he came.

I pulled my hand out and offered my fingers to him. He sucked them
into his mouth and let them go, then he leaned over Daphne's back and
cupped her breasts. I stretched out in front of her and accepted her
kiss. Then she got up and hugged Jon.

She wiggled her fingers at me, which I took to be an invitation, so I
joined the embrace. I think Daphne expected me to come up behind her,
but I pressed myself up against Jon instead, moving my hands from his
body to hers, mounding my breasts against his back, rubbing my
triangle against his butt. I held one hand on Daphne's waist and
insinuated the other between their bellies. He was almost as hard as
he had been in the circle of my fingers.

"I've got to go," Jon said.

"Where?" I asked without thinking.

"To the bathroom, Robin."

"Oh!"

He left, Daphne and I sat there for a minute, catching our breath.
Then I took her hand and pulled her with me to the couch. We sat with
our legs entwined, our heads close together.

"Having fun?" she asked.

"You might say that," I replied, and we both laughed.

"I don't want the orgasms to end," she said, rolling her eyes. "I
think it could be addicting."

"Here," I said, leaning back against the arm of the couch. "Let's do
it like we were on the floor earlier." We rearranged ourselves so our
pussy lips were kissing again. "Oh, that feels good just putting my
pussy against yours," I said.

"It's nice," she said, "but I'm not getting enough...friction." She
had a soft hand on my thigh and rolled her hips slowly, which I had to
agree was pleasant, but a long way from orgasm-inducing. "Take my
hands," she said, holding them out to me. We both had to half sit up,
but it pushed our pussies even tighter together, and I could actually
feel her erect clitoris against mine.

"Much better," I said. Holding hands, we began rocking back and forth.
Soon we were panting, as much from the pleasure of our building
orgasms as from the exertion. She came with a outrush of breath and
let go my hands. I moaned with disappointment and dug my fingers in
between us, hardly able to separate my flesh from hers. I found my
engorged nub, and diddled myself off.

Afterwards I stroked her belly and breasts with my foot. Her foot
started to do the same thing, but I grabbed it and sucked on her big
toe. It was then I saw Jon leaning on the back of the couch watching
us.

"That looked like fun," he said, looking at me.

"Oh, it was.  Was it fun to watch?"

"Definitely. Can I see some more?"

"Sure," Daphne said. "What would you like?"

"Hmm... how about a sixty-nine?"

"I'll get on top," I said.

Daphne scooted down so she was flat on her back and I straddled her
head. She ran her hands over my thighs and flanks and breathed on my
damp, hot vulva. I brushed my breasts repeatedly over her belly,
enjoying the tingling in my nipples. Almost simultaneously I felt the
touch of Daphne's tongue on my nether regions and Jon's hand caressing
my back and buttocks. My breasts spread against Daphne's stomach and I
buried my head between her legs, licking from clit to the bottom of
her vagina and back. It wasn't the most comfortable position, but the
things Daphne was doing to me were divine and I tried to reciprocate.
I got the first orgasm this time, but kept eating at her until I felt
her convulsing beneath me.

I rolled off of her and sat beside the couch and kissed her
thoroughly. I swear I had never had another woman who was as good as
she was. But I was more than ready for some cock. The softness and
mirror-familiarity of another woman is all very well and good, but I
was ready for a pounding penis.

"Jon, I really need you," I said, holding out my hand to him. I rolled
onto my back, knees up and legs spread wide. He seemed to know that
there was no need for preliminaries as he knelt between my legs, his
hands on my knees, his cock standing magnificently at a proud upward
angle. He bent over and kissed me, and I felt the blunt tip of that
enormous cock seeking my slick, waiting pussy. I reached down and took
him in my hand, taking just a moment to squeeze and pump him before
guiding him to his reward.

When he felt the tip between my labia he pushed. With an exquisite mix
of pain and pleasure he went all the way in with one thrust of his
hips, burying his cock to its root inside of me. I'd never had a cock
his size in me, and I was in heaven when he started the long, slow
strokes that went from all the way in to almost all the way out and
back again.

"Robin, you're so tight..." he said. "Umm, so good..."

"And you're so big, lover," I replied, catching my breath as he buried
himself in me again. "Faster, please!"

He obeyed, and my whole world became the joining of my sex and his
sex, the increasing speed of his pistoning cock in my receiving cunt,
and Daphne's hands massaging my breasts. The pleasure was beyond
orgasm. I was in a fuzzy, tingling world where my hands touched
nothing but his skin, where the only sounds were our breathing and
moans, the only smells our sweat and the musk from between our legs.

His strokes became shorter and faster and I knew he was close to
coming. I raised my feet and wrapped my legs around his waist. The
change in angle did it for both of us. Our orgasms were almost
simultaneous, the feeling of his semen pumping into my vagina
triggering my own explosion of ecstasy. He kept going for a few more
strokes, making sure it was all out, before lowering himself onto me,
smothering me with an overwhelming kiss.

"Oh, God that was good," I said when he finally removed his tongue
from my mouth. I held him tight with both arms and legs, feeling his
cock slowly shrinking inside of me. We three cuddled awhile longer,
and he got up.

I must have fallen asleep for awhile, because the next thing I
remember it was dark and I had an afghan over me. The storm had gotten
quite wild outside, and the only light inside was the fire and the
occasional stab of lightning. Jon and Daphne were sitting in front of
the fire, silhouetted to me. I shook off the blanket and went over to
them.

"Hi, Robin," Jon said, reaching up to touch my leg.

"Hi," I said. "Did I sleep very long?"

"No. Electricity went out a few minutes ago."

Daphne curled her hand around the inside of my leg, and I obligingly
widened my stance to accommodate her.

"You ready for more?" she asked. I took stock of my body and decided
that yes, I was, and I told her so. She got her knees in front of me,
put her hands on my buttocks, and began to lap at my pussy. My clit
was sensitive and the feeling of euphoria was almost instantaneous. I
buried both hands in her hair and savored the pleasure.

I wasn't surprised at all when I felt Jon take hold of my hips from
behind. He snuggled in close, his cock nestling up between my
asscheeks. He moved it up and down as he held my breasts, which easily
spilled out of his hands. He must have liked it, because he kept
taking hold of them, kneading them, then letting them fall from his
hands as if he couldn't contain their bulk. It only added to my
enjoyment.

"I want to put my cock in them," he said in my ear just before biting
it gently.

"Yeah," I said. "Daphne, stop...he wants to fuck my breasts." She gave
my clit a last hard suck and sat back. I pulled away from his cock,
which was almost in my rear, and sat next to her.  "Let me slick it up
a little," I said. He got on his knees between my legs and I took his
cock in my mouth. He held my head with both hands as I tried to take
him all the way in, without success. Daphne was right up against me,
one arm around me and the other hand between my legs, taking up where
her tongue had left off a moment before.

He was plenty wet now; his cock gleamed in the firelight. I lay back
and he straddled my ribs as I pushed my breasts part way together,
leaving plenty of room for him to put his cock. He bent over more
until it lay heavy and hot between my breasts, and I squeezed them all
the way together so he was completely engulfed in my soft flesh. It's
times like this that I appreciate my oversized tits.

His strokes were long, just like they had been between my legs
earlier, and at the upper end I took the head of his cock in my mouth.

Jon only tit-fucked me for a few minutes before withdrawing his cock.
He slapped my hip and told me to roll over. Daphne rose with me, and
we got on our hands and knees facing each other. Jon put his cock
between us. We both licked it, our tongues touching each other as much
as we touched him. After a few minutes he took up a position behind
me, his hands working my asscheeks, as Daphne and I liplocked. His
penis poked first at my anus, then my vagina, and there he started
pushing slowly into me.

When he was in all the way he bent over me and seized my breasts
again, roughly squeezing and rolling my nipples, making me come, the
muscles of my vagina gripping and releasing his immobile cock. When he
released my breasts, Daphne was right beneath me, taking my abused
nipples in her mouth, soothing them with her lips and tongue.

Jon had a tight grip on my hips and started pumping, fucking me doggy
style, hard and fast. Daphne scooted further underneath me, letting my
tits brush along her breasts and belly, until she was underneath my
pussy. I felt her reach up and touch us with her fingers. Then I felt
her tongue and lips caress our sexes as Jon's hips pumped. A moment
later I felt my brother's thumb moving along the rim of my asshole,
and with a push it was in. Fleetingly I wished for another man so all
three holes could be filled, but then I imagined one of Daphne's
fingers in his ass, and felt with one hand along Daphne's stomach,
across her mons, and down, plunging two fingers into her vagina. The
thought of each of us inside the other sent a thrill through me. I
moaned aloud, my orgasm coming closer. Jon pushed all the way in and
started pumping semen into me, his thumb up my ass as far as it would
go. I dipped my head between Daphne's legs, my own cries of ecstasy
muffled against her muff, and her vagina closed around my fingers
again and again. We collapsed in a heap of arms and legs and tits and
cock, sharing kisses and sucking tongues and flesh without regard to
what it was or who it belonged to.

The End

====================================================

"Trio" is copyright (c) 1994 by L.S. Hauser. All rights are retained
by the author. The right to redistribute "Trio" electronically and to
print-out for individual use is hereby granted.

====================================================


Tween Sister's Hot Thighs by Ray Mills


Chapter 1


Fawn was happy to be alone. Her roommate Staci took a night school 
class every Wednesday night, and for Fawn the chance to be by herself 
was a pleasure she looked forward to each week. Sometimes Jeff would 
come over while Staci was gone.

Fawn would tease him, dance half-naked in front of him, finally coax 
him into fucking her in the bathtub. Or under the kitchen table, 
anywhere to break up the monotony of the bed. But this week Jeff was 
out of town at a business conference. All in all it was just as well 
with Fawn. She liked being alone once in a while and had little 
opportunity for it.

She and Jeff had been going together for nearly a year now. And even 
though she thought she liked him as much as ever, and though the sex 
was still pretty good as long as she spiced it up by inventing new 
places to do it, she couldn't help feeling a little stale, weary about 
the whole thing.

Maybe his absence for a week would inject some kind of new intensity 
into their relationship. Though frankly, she said to herself, I really 
don't miss him all that much. Tonight I'm just going to enjoy the peace 
and quiet. I'm going to take a long bath, and wash my hair. And maybe 
sip a glass of wine and watch TV a little.

As soon as Staci had gone, Fawn slipped out of her clothes and into her 
bathrobe. Then she fixed herself a leisurely dinner. After eating, she 
went into the bathroom and started the tub water. While she waited for 
the tub to fill, she piled her thick auburn hair on top of her head and 
placed a shower hat over it.

When the shower hat was in place, she took off her robe and looked down 
at her body. One of the reasons she enjoyed being alone so much was 
that it gave her enough time and privacy to examine her naked body 
closely. At other times Staci's presence, even if the bathroom door was 
locked, somehow made her nervous, self-conscious. As if it were somehow 
wrong or even filthy to touch her own nipples or run a tender, tickling 
finger along the moist folds of her cunt. She was afraid she might 
shudder or moan softly, and Staci would overhear her. Not that she ever 
masturbated any more, of course. No need for that what with Jeff 
fucking her ears off four or five times a week.

All she really wanted was the chance to look at and touch her own naked 
body in total privacy. To investigate the sweet succulent mysteries 
that made men, all men it seemed, crave her so much. That made Jeff, 
for instance, groan and twitch with lust from the moment he touched her 
naked flesh until he popped and flooded her hungry pussy with cum.

While the hot water crashed into the tub, she took a hand mirror and 
stood with it in front of the full-length mirror on the back of the 
bathroom door. She knew she was lucky to have such a beautiful body. At 
twenty-two years old, her flesh was taut and ripe and smooth.

Her skin tanned easily, richly and since she knew that the contrast 
between tanned and untanned skin was fantastically sexy she always kept 
her body golden and coppery except where her bikini panties and bra 
protected it from the sun. There her skin was pale and creamy, 
marvelously white and tempting.

Her firm high asscheeks were two glowing moons below the incurved sweep 
of her long bronze back. Her young uptilted tits were two creamy globes 
thrusting out above a velvety expanse of her flat golden midriff. She 
had large, inviting nipples, tinged a deep rose color, puffy soft cones 
that swelled out from her tits.

She stood before the mirror frontways, sideways, backways. The full 
perky curve of her taut ass was amazing. Her firm round tits were just 
the right size, her large nipples swollen and pointing. She ran a hand 
lightly down the silken skin of her stomach and dipped a finger 
playfully into the deep puckered cup of her navel.

Next she planted her feet wide apart, bending her knees slightly. One 
side of the hand mirror gave back a magnified reflection, and she 
slipped this side between her spread thighs. Fascinated, she gazed down 
at the huge pink-lipped slash of her own pussy.

The folds of her cunt-lips were moist and shiny, but only half-
blossomed at this point. They revealed only hints of the fiery-red wet 
inner slit they protected. The small heavenly button of her clit was 
half-hidden up under its pinkish hood.

Fawn slid one forefinger slowly between the lips of her cunt, parting 
them farther. She inserted the finger all the way into the warm greasy 
depths of her sensitive channel until it was stopped by the last 
knuckle. Her knees trembled involuntarily. She rotated the finger, and 
with her thumb, rapidly rubbed her clit until it swelled and pulsed.

"Ohhhhhhhhh!" she gasped.

It felt so good! It felt so good to be doing it herself, and watching 
it in the mirror. The magnification made her cunt look huge, red and 
wet, and her fingers enormous, probing it. She shut her eyes, 
whimpering softly, then opened them again and gazed down once more at 
the sight.

Her cunt was juicing and blossoming readily now. She could get two 
fingers fully into it. But her other hand shook so badly, her breath 
came so fast, that she could hardly hold her position or keep the hand-
mirror in place.

Quickly she put it on the floor and squatted over it. She dug softly in 
her flowing pussy with both hands now, shivering uncontrollably. In the 
door mirror she noticed her glazed eyes. Her long nipples were tight 
and erect.

Oh God, I think I'll do it! she said to herself. I think I will, I'm 
going to do it!

"Ahhhhhhh ... anngghh," she heard the sounds coming from her throat.

Her whole body flushed and melted with hot tremors. She was so involved 
with the decision she had made, to bring herself off, to make herself 
come right there, that at first she didn't notice the water on the 
floor.

But suddenly her bare knees felt wet. She was shocked out of the 
trembling hot sexuality that gripped her. Then the water poured over 
the mirror itself. Fawn gasped, and turned her head. Water was spilling 
rapidly over the edge of the tub.

"Oh shit--!" she cried out. "Goddamn it! Shit!"

Quickly she jumped to her feet and shut off the faucets, then yanked up 
the plug. But it was already too late. The floor of the bathroom was 
submerged in water.

Gritting her teeth, her eyes filling briefly with tears at her own 
foolishness, she snatched towels from every available rack and began 
mopping up the mess. She wrung out the wet towels over the emptying 
tub, then sopped up more water. She was so angry and busy at the task 
that at first she failed to hear the doorbell.

Then, when it rang again and she finally heard it, she only grew 
angrier. "Goddamn it!" she shrieked.

She flung the wet towels to the floor and headed for the front door, 
finding herself halfway down the hall before she noticed that she was 
still totally naked. She leaped back to the bathroom for her robe. She 
slipped into it, then tried to control her panting and her anger as she 
walked down the hall again to the door.

"Oh, it's only you," she sighed irritably, finding her brother Eric 
there when she opened it.

Ordinarily Eric would have made a quick joke to relieve her irritation. 
But the look on his face told her that he felt even more down than she 
did at the moment.

"Only me," he said, glumly. "Can I come in?"

"You can if you're good with a mop," she said, closing the door behind 
him.

But Eric was so distracted he didn't seem to hear her. He stalked into 
the living room, nervous, jumpy.

"Have you got anything to drink around here?" he asked.

"I think there's some Scotch in the kitchen. And maybe some wine."

Fawn pulled off the shower hat and shook her thick mane of hair back 
over her shoulders. She knew now that it would be a while until she got 
to her bath.

"I'll take the Scotch," her brother said.

"What's the matter, Eric?"

With him following her, she went into the kitchen. She found the half-
empty bottle, which was used mostly by Staci's boyfriends, and poured 
him a drink from it. Eric grabbed the glass and gulped the whiskey 
thirstily.


"Danika," he growled. "She's been screwing another guy. For nearly two 
months. I only found out about it tonight."

"Oh no!" With instinctive sympathy for her brother, Fawn reached out a 
hand and stroked his forehead tenderly. "Oh, Eric, I'm sorry."

Eric gave a bleak shrug. He drained his glass and handed it back to 
her. Fawn refilled it with the pale golden liquor.

"Aren't you going to have one with me?" he asked. "You don't want me to 
get drunk all alone, do you?" He gave her a forlorn wink, pretending 
toughness to mask his misery.

"I don't want you to get drunk at all."

But when she looked at the pain in his eyes, and then thought of her 
own foolishness in the bathroom minutes ago, she was tempted to join 
him. Not to get drunk, but just to have a few drinks and forget about 
everything for a little while. To help him forget.

She knew he probably wanted to talk about what a bitch Danika was to do 
this. And Fawn knew she wouldn't have trouble agreeing. Long ago she 
had suspected something like this would happen. She had thought from 
the beginning that Danika was a prick-happy little flirt who would 
never be happy with only one man.

Danika was a small dark-haired girl with flashing eyes, long natural 
eyelashes, lovely high cheekbones, a full sensual mouth, and sexual 
allure that filled any room she walked into with murky invitations. For 
her small size she had a great curvy body, and stunning long legs. From 
the start Fawn had thought Eric was asking for trouble in marrying her.

Now that Danika had finally gone and betrayed him, maybe it was time 
for Fawn to play straight with her brother. She would try not to say 'I 
told you so,' but it wouldn't hurt to listen, to give him some support. 
And it would get her mind off that silly business in the bathroom.

"Come on," Eric joked again, winking at her once more. "What kind of 
party is this with only one drunk?"

Fawn smirked at him. "Why not."

She took a glass from the cupboard, filled it with ice and Scotch, then 
clinked it against his and drank. They took the bottle with them into 
the living room and sat down. Fawn sat on the sofa, Eric on one of the 
easy chairs.

Her brother launched into a long, bitter tirade against his wife. Fawn 
listened dutifully, drinking along with him and nodding at the right 
moments. The Scotch made her feel warm and tingly. As time wore on she 
began to wish that her bathrobe was made out of something other than 
satin, because it was so slippery.

It was hard enough to keep the skirt down over her thighs and knees. 
But even worse was the constantly loosening sash. Whenever she moved it 
loosened more. Her firm upthrusting tits pushed against the front part 
of the robe until the neck lapels were gaping wider and wider, 
revealing more and more of her smooth tanned upper chest.

Her feelings were complicated even more by the delicious sensation of 
the cool slippery satin against her warm, tingling skin. It rasped 
softly across her sensitive nipples, rustling against the skin of her 
inner thighs as she modestly tucked it there. She contemplated making 
an excuse to get up and change. But it felt so good and warm, and 
tingly that she really couldn't decide.

In front of her brother she felt very modest, but at the same time 
remarkably relaxed. Especially since he was so obsessed by his wife's 
betrayal that he hardly paid Fawn the slightest attention. After a 
while, as he droned on about Danika's infidelities, she really didn't 
hear him any more.

Instead she just stared at him, feeling pleasantly giddy and warm, and 
fell into a sort of trance. She didn't know how long she drifted in her 
warm sensual reveries. She squirmed in her seat, and felt dazed and too 
warm. She drifted back to conscious awareness and noticed that Eric's 
droning voice had stopped.

Then she saw his eyes. He was sunk in some kind of trance too. He was 
staring at her, but not at her face. No, his eyes had dropped lower, 
and she glanced down and saw that the sash of her bathrobe had come 
completely undone, probably because of her unconscious squirming.

The robe had fallen open, and her body was exposed from her throat to 
the top glistening fringe of her pubic hair. Flushing with 
embarrassment, Fawn pulled the robe shut.

"Oh I don't know what happened to me!" she said breathlessly.

"Don't," Eric croaked softly, his eyes briefly pained at she closed the 
robe over her body.

"Eric!" she said, as if to shame him. But her voice was not convincing.

"Please don't."

"Eric, I'm your sister!"

Eric shook his head, as if to clear it, as if to wake himself up. He 
grinned at her.

"That's right," he said. "You are. I guess I almost forgot. For a 
minute there I think ... well, I was remembering that time I stole your 
bikini top."

It was something Fawn had not thought about for years. As a youngster, 
when diving into the family swimming pool one afternoon she had lost 
her mini bikini top. Embarrassed, she had surfaced squealing and 
splashing, looking everywhere for it. But Eric, laughing outrageously, 
had jumped into the pool and scooped it up before she could reach it.

He had refused to return it until she emerged half-naked from the pool, 
her arms crossed nervously over her bare young tits. She could still 
recall the look in his eyes as he boldly tried to peek through the 
angles of her elbows and forearms for a glimpse of her nipples. Before 
taking back the bra, feeling just as bold as he, she had dropped her 
arms to her sides, giving him a full shot of what he wanted to see. Her 
brother's eyes had flashed as big as saucers.

Now she blushed hotly. "You were?" she said, her voice quivering beyond 
control.

"I'll never forget it," her brother said. "You were beautiful even 
then, but now ..."

"Eric, I think we'd better change the subject," Fawn said.

Her hot blood was thundering against her ears, her skin was hot and 
prickly. Her mind whirled confusingly. She felt so close to something 
dangerous that she didn't know quite what to do. The best thing, she 
figured, was simply to take charge right now, not to let it happen 
again.

They were both a little drunk, she knew. But Eric had drunk more than 
she had, so it was up to her. Acting firmly, she tightened the sash of 
her robe, then stood up.

"I think I'd better change, get into something else," she said. "Don't 
you?"

"No," Eric said.

"I mean," Fawn's voice faltered, "we'll both feel better if there isn't 
any chance of ..." but she couldn't go on.

"Of what?" Eric asked, looking into her eyes.

"You know very well what."

She looked down at him and wondered how he could be so calm about it. 
She was breathing so hard that her chest was heaving. That only made 
him more interested in the sight of her plump nipples floating under 
the shiny satin of her bathrobe. His eyes flickered with half-drunken 
ironies.

"Tell you what," he said. "Look at it this way. If you're my sister, 
and I'm your brother, then we're both the same flesh, right? We came 
from the same mother, we've got the same genes and tissues and ..."

He fell silent and they both laughed nervously. Meanwhile, Fawn had not 
budged a step since she had stood up.

"Well, I guess I've heard everything now," she said, trying to match 
his calm irony.

"No you haven't," Eric said. His voice was now getting thick, clotted 
with excitement. "Why don't you show me yourself just once more before 
you change? Just for family's sake."

"Why should I."

My God, what am I saying? she thought. I'm teasing him, for god's sake! 
I'm just making it worse!

"Because I want to see you," her brother said solemnly. "You're 
lovely."

"Lovelier than Danika?" Fawn whispered softly, growing more ashamed of 
herself by the second. For the first time she let her eyes wander to 
the crotch of his pants and saw the huge swelling there.

"Lovelier than anybody," Eric whispered. "I swear."

"All you want to do is see me?"

"That's all.

"You won't touch?"

Eric gave her a sardonic smile, as if to warn her that they weren't 
kids any more. "Promise," he said.

"I don't believe you," she murmured, her stomach trembling with 
excitement. "I don't believe you for a minute. Not a minute."

But her fingers were fiddling with the knot of her sash anyway, tugging 
it, pulling the slippery fabric loose. She wanted to show him her body, 
her whole body this time, not just a part of it. She wanted to pose 
before him as she had earlier posed for herself before the bathroom 
mirror.

She knew it was horribly wrong to be doing this, but the impulse was 
almost overwhelming. In the split second it took her to pull open the 
robe and slip it off her shoulders she knew the step had been taken. 
There was no going back now.

They would do it now. And she would let it happen, she would invite it. 
And she would also fight it with every ounce of her nerve because they 
were not supposed to let it happen even though her body seethed and 
ached for him.

Eric's face froze with fascination and lust as he scrutinized her naked 
body. Glowing and warm with the fires of her shame and excitement, Fawn 
slowly pirouetted in front of him. She showed him the high pale globes 
of her ass, bending gracefully as she completed her turn so that her 
firm tits swayed outward and bobbled pertly. Her long puffy nipples 
were already half-erect as they swirled before her brother's hypnotized 
gaze.

"You like?" she whispered, teasing him, unable to stop herself.

Eric only nodded, and licked his lips.

She stroked her body delicately with her fingertips, as if to show off 
its finer points. Her fingers traced the soft curves of her ribs and 
her flat sun-browned stomach. She raised her knuckles to the smooth 
curved undersides of her creamy tits and nudged them so that they 
jiggled and quivered.

Eric's breath clawed its way out of his throat. The sound of it excited 
Fawn even more. She went closer to him. His crazed eyes devoured her 
succulent tits. She was watching his eyes so closely that she squealed 
with surprise when she suddenly felt his hands gripping the backs of 
her thighs.

He pulled her forward strongly, squeezing her asscheeks as he pushed 
his face into her naked stomach. She felt his wet tongue slithering 
into her deep navel.

"Ohhhh! Ohhh!" she yelped, wriggling out of his grasp.

She jumped away from him, trying to act shocked and scandalized. But 
the feel of his tongue in her navel and his fingers digging urgently 
into her ass had made her simply reel with hot thrills.

"Oh Eric," she said, half-mocking him, "you promised you wouldn't 
touch! You promised!"

"Couldn't help myself," her brother said hoarsely.

He managed a quick grin. He flexed his fingers suggestively, the ones 
he had dug into her soaked ass.

"Now Eric ... Eric!" she whimpered softly, backing away.

Her heart skittered and jumped as he stood up from his chair. He had to 
bend slightly because his cock was all crumpled up in his crotch. She 
could still feel the impressions in her asscheeks where his fingers had 
sunk, and a tiny trace of saliva left in her navel by his tongue. God, 
god, I should stop it now, she thought, before it's too late!

I can't let you fuck me. Oh, god, please, Eric stop it yourself, I 
can't do it, I want it too much!

Slowly, deliberately unbuckling his belt, Eric walked toward her. 
"Fawn, I can't stop myself," he murmured, shaking his head, his eyes 
racing over her nakedness.

Fawn kept backing away from him, staring solemnly into his eyes. She 
shook her head, saying 'No, no' with her mouth, but unable to make any 
sounds come out.

"Eric, you know we can't."

"Yes, we can."

He backed her into the wall. The sharp gnash of his zipper sent hot 
needles of excitement and anticipation through her trembling flesh. His 
hands cupped her feverish face, and his mouth came down toward hers.

"No, Eric, no ... no!" she whimpered. "What about ... Staci?"

"Where is she?"

"She's at night school."

His lips found hers, curving into them. His tongue slipped between her 
parting teeth. His hands dropped to her shoulders, then down to her 
tits. He filled his palms with them.

Gently squeezing the round tit-globes, he kissed her cheek, her neck, 
then took her whole ear into his mouth and breathed flame into it. He 
pushed his tongue deep into her ear, whispering to her.

"When does she get home?"

"Ohhhhhhhh!" Fawn moaned.

Her body was totally pliant and yielding. Her cunt was wet and achy, 
and as he frenched her ear and caressed her throbbing tits, she slid 
her hands under the elastic of his shorts. She grasped his huge hot 
prick, pulling it out, her fingers stroking it urgently.

She knew she didn't care anything about Staci, who wouldn't be home for 
another two hours, anyway. I just want you to fuck me! she thought 
wildly. Here, right here against the wall, if you want to! Or on the 
floor, or on the bed, I don't care!

Eric's mouth trailed down her smooth tanned shoulder to her creamy left 
tit. He licked her large rosy nipple thirstily.

"When does she get home?" he repeated, his voice half-strangled by his 
lust.

But before she could answer Fawn felt his lips close over her pulsing 
nipple. She felt it stiffen and flame with heat. Her legs weakened, and 
her knees sagged. She had to grasp his hips in order to remain 
standing.

She pulled him against her so that she could feel the long gristly 
stalk of his jumping prick pressing against her naked belly. Her breath 
whistled past her clenched teeth as he hungrily slurped and sucked her 
throbbing nipples. She moaned and began to writhe in his grasp.

"Oh Eric," she murmured. "Eric, are you going to fuck me? Are you? Are 
we going to fuck? Are you going to fuck me?"

Instead of answering her, he pulled her down the hallway to the 
bedroom. His hands stroked her long coppery back, her pale ass, her 
silky tanned thighs. Fawn tore off his shirt and skimmed his pants and 
shorts down his legs. She stooped and clumsily licked his twitchy red 
cock before he pulled her to her feet.

He kissed her mouth again savagely, then laid her down on her back on 
the bed, the way he wanted her to be. Shivering with excitement and 
lust, Fawn yielded completely to her brother. She lay on the bed so 
that her feet still touched the floor, her knees spread, her ass 
perched on the edge of the mattress.

The wet glistening furrow of her pussy was uptilted and gaping, totally 
vulnerable. Instinctively, she knew that if he wanted her this way it 
was so he could stand on the floor himself. He would gain so much 
leverage that she was in for a ploughing, piercing, skewering fuck from 
the huge pulsing purplish ramrod of flesh he was now lowering between 
her thighs.

She shuddered with the awful guilt of what they were doing. But she 
submitted completely to his wishes. His hard tanned muscular body was 
so desirable to her that she wanted to swarm all over him herself.

She wanted to kiss and stroke him everywhere, and suck his enormous 
prick into her mouth. And feel his hungry lips burrowing hungrily in 
her simmering pussy. She wanted to do everything! Everything with him, 
before they got down to the actual fucking!

But Eric's driving lust for her was so overwhelming that she had no 
choice. She had to give her body to him instantly, and let him ravish 
her and puncture her with his fierce cock until they both were 
shattered with coming. Her body quivered out of control.

"Ohhhhh ... ah baby, oh Eric, we can't, we can't do this, unnghhhh! Oh 
god, suck me, baby!" she panted.

His mouth dropped to her barely slackened tits and found her sensitive 
nipples again, giving them long agonizing throat-sucks. Fawn's fingers 
caressed his rock-hard cock where it bobbed in readiness between her 
spread thighs. She pulled it toward her open cunt slit, aching to be 
filled by it.

Eric stroked her trembling hips and steadied her crotch. He carefully 
lodged the swollen head of his prick in her squinchy pussy-lips. Then 
he gazed straight into her eyes and slid the full length of the burning 
cock shaft into her.

"Ahhhhhh ... nunnnunn, oh shit, ohhh shiiit, oh Eric, baby! Oh yes ... 
yes yessss!"

It was the largest, thickest, fattest, longest prick Fawn had ever felt 
inside of her. It was sunk deep in the pit of her hot cunt, filling her 
up totally. Eric did not pull it out immediately but instead left it 
buried in her while he scooped her shoulders up in his arms and lowered 
his bare hard chest down on her tits. He put his lips against her ear.

"Fawn ... Fawn!" he groaned in a husky whisper.

"Yessss, oh yessss!" she answered, her body undulating of its own 
accord under him.

She knew he wanted to say more. But both of them were so overcome with 
hot lust that they couldn't speak. All Fawn wanted to feel was the joy 
of his huge prick plunging fiercely in and out of her.

"Fuck me, Eric," she murmured to him. "Unhhh! Oh god, yes! Fuck me, 
baby, you can do anything to me, anything! Unhhh! Ohnngg! Yes, ungghh! 
God, yes, unghhh!"

He brought long shuddering moans from her by drawing his long prick 
slowly out of her smoldering cunt until the bulbous head of it escaped, 
then sliding it slowly all the way in again. But the excitement and hot 
fantastic guilt of what they were doing made it impossible for them to 
go slowly for long. And Eric had placed her this way on the mattress 
for a purpose, she knew.

Soon they were both digging their feet into the floor, groaning and 
whimpering, their striving bodies writhing together. Fawn clenched her 
thigh muscles and flung her cunt up into her brother's hammering, 
piercing prick. She gagged and squealed with delight as she felt the 
huge, ravaging pole cram her throbbing pussy to the splitting point.

Oh Jesus, I ... I've never felt anything like it, never, never! she 
thought over and over.

She gasped sharply as hot tremors of pleasure ripped through her body 
with each deep lunge of his prick. She clutched him and squeezed him, 
and pushed her tits up into his grinding chest. She gobbled his mouth 
with her own, whimpering against his teeth.

"Ohhhhh, it's so good!" she panted.

The searing blade of his cock sliced up into her cunt, and her body 
exploded into flames. She had never felt this way. She screeched and 
clawed his back, moaning with guilty passion, knowing it was her very 
own brother who was fucking her like this.

She couldn't understand why it didn't hurt her, this massive rearing 
cock, the biggest she had ever felt. Stuffed with the huge stalk, she 
shimmied her hips and clamped his cock tightly with her cunt-muscles. 
Eric moaned with pleasure, and Fawn felt his strong fingers bite into 
the flesh of her back.

"Ohhhhh, you're so good to me," she hummed, feeling the first distant 
rolling swells of her orgasm gathering, sweeping toward her. "Sooooo 
good to me, so, good, so good, unngghh! Unh! Oh! Oh Jesus, yes! Do it 
hard to me, ohhh! Angghhhh!"

Eric had not hurt her with his huge plunging prick simply because he 
knew how to use it. But now that she hung trembling on the verge of 
coming, he ripped his cock up into her with growing violence. God, how 
could Danika ever give this up? Fawn wondered, delirious with hot 
pleasure.

Stabbed to the quick by his hammering prick, she flung her juicy cunt 
wildly up into his frantic thrusts, squealing and raking his shoulders. 
Her whole body throbbed and ached with need. God, fuck me, big brother, 
make me come. Now, now!

"Eric! Oh baby, oh I'm going to come!" she panted, pumping more and 
more wildly with her hips. "Oh god, kiss me, please! I'm going to ... 
oh kiss me, quick! Unhhhh ..."

She groped for his panting mouth with her own, snaking her wanton 
tongue into it. She died with fresh pleasure each time the fierce spike 
of his prick buried itself in her clenching fuckhole. She shrieked as 
it tore into her, then stiffened, grunting helplessly as her body 
shuddered for release.

Then she exploded in a hot blinding rush of coming. Everything was 
obliterated but the wrenching glorious spasms of her climax. For a 
moment it even knocked the breath out of her. Then she was screaming 
wildly.

"Annngghhiiieeee!" she cried out, swarming up into him, locking her 
thighs around his thrusting hips. "Unnghghhh! Oh god, yes, yes! 
Unnnngghgiiieeee! Ohhhhhhhhh!"

She couldn't stop coming, and she felt the hot spurts of Eric's cum 
flooding her pussy a second later. She heard his choked moans, and felt 
every hard muscle in his driving body tense into steel as he ploughed 
his erupting cock deep into her creaming cunt slit.

He crushed her body against his, squeezing her so roughly that it hurt. 
But she didn't want it to stop, ever! Don't let me go, don't stop 
fucking me! she wanted to beg him. She knew, once they let go of each 
other, how hard it would be to ever do this again. So they couldn't 
stop now.

"No, don't let me go!" she whimpered as he began to draw his cock out 
of her. "No!"

"Fawn, god, I've never had a fuck like that," he said, wiping the sweat 
off his forehead, still panting softly.

"Me neither," she said, kissing his cheek. "Don't take it out of me. 
Fuck me again."

He grinned. "What do you think I am, a miracle?"

"I mean rest a minute, then fuck me again. I didn't get enough the 
first time."

He kissed her, and their tongues coiled passionately together. "I 
didn't either," he said, running his mouth down her shoulder to her 
naked tits again. "I know I'll never get enough of you."

Fawn nearly went into a swoon as he began tenderly to suck her nipples 
again. She knew they would never have another chance like this one, and 
she gave herself up to it with total surrender.



Chapter 2


"Eric," she whispered, "it was never like that for me before. Never."

He kissed her mouth and sighed as her hand found his long limp cock and 
squeezed it gently. "Never for me, either," he said.

"But it's wrong," she whispered shyly. "So wrong. I don't know what got 
into us. I just couldn't help myself. I wanted you so badly. I still 
want you so much. Isn't that awful?"

"How could anything so good be awful?" he grinned, stroking her 
throbbing tits until she began to squirm with growing desire.

She knew he was right. If it had thrilled her so much only because he 
was her brother, there might be something to worry about. But no, he 
had fucked her like no man had ever fucked her before. That was 
something you had to feel grateful for, not guilty.

Fawn realized that they had to fuck again, they had to fuck more than 
once. Because if they parted now, tomorrow their shame might overwhelm 
them. They might never have this moment again! She couldn't stand the 
thought of that.

Already she could feel his huge prick swelling and throbbing again in 
her fingers. She rubbed it and stroked it, feeling it grow stiff. She 
rolled over on top of him, dangling her swollen tits in his face.

"Do you like my body?" she murmured as he sucked her soft, bulbous left 
nipple into his mouth.

"Ummmmmm," he nodded, trying to swallow it.

Already Fawn was panting, writhing, pushing her upper body down into 
his face. He brought his hands up to her dangling tits, and hungrily 
devoured them with his lips and teeth. Fawn moaned loudly, feeling her 
tits fill with heat, her nipples burst with throbbing as he pinched and 
twirled them in his fingers, and sucked and lip-mauled them roughly.

"Do you like my body better than Danika's?" she asked, feeling 
devilish.

"Better, much better!" Eric panted, feeding her swollen, hanging tits 
into his mouth.

He buried his face between them, wildly gobbling the taut pointing 
nipples. Fawn shut her eyes and pushed her aching tits down into his 
mouth. Tight helpless cawing sounds came from deep in her throat.

"Ohhhhh ... do you like to suck my tits?"

"Ummmmmm!"

He was trying to swallow them. Her cunt was hot and wet with juice 
again. She pushed it down into the hard flesh of his belly, feeling his 
long prick rising against the crack of her ass, feeling it swell and 
twitch.

"Ohhhhh ... Eric," she moaned. "This time I'm going to fuck you while 
you suck my tits, like this. Oh! Unh! Like this, ungh! Oh! Yes, yes!"

She reached back with one hand and easily slipped the head of his thick 
twitching cock into the squishy wetness of her slit. Then she slid down 
on it, impaling herself on the stiff fucker. Giddy with animalistic 
heat, she fucked down on his prick, gyrating her hips.

She squeezed his cock sharply again and again with the muscles of her 
cunt, writhing and whinnying with delight as he held her by her 
dangling tits, his fingers sinking into their spongy resilience. His 
lips and teeth and tongue drove her tight fiery nipples crazy.

Gasping, Fawn wriggled her saliva-wet tits down into his face. She 
pinched his long probing cock with her dripping, velvety pussy.

"Do you like to fuck me this way?" she gasped. "Unnnh! Eric? Eric? Oh 
baby, do you like it, do you like fucking me?"

"God, yes!" Eric moaned.

He clenched his muscles and slammed his prick up into her. His fingers 
dug in the jouncy firm flesh of her ass. His lips tore at her bursting 
nipples.

"Am I ... ohhhhhh oh, Jesus Jesus! Am I better than Danika? Am I? 
Unngghhh! Oh shit, you fuck me so good! I don't want it to ever stop! 
Unnggh! Tell me ... am I better? Will you come back, will you fuck me 
again? Oh please, Eric! Oh! Oh! I'm coming, baby! Right now!"

The combination of his hungry mouth mauling her tits and the giant 
battering ram of his cock piercing her pussy had brought on a climax 
before she expected it. Shivering and whooping, she ground her cunt 
down on his upthrusting prick and held on for dear life.

Her body was ripped to pieces by wave after delicious, pummeling wave 
of hot coming. Her orgasm never seemed to stop. It just dipped and rose 
and wrenched her with ferocious paroxysms, then subsided, then rose up 
again to bleed hot tremors out of her shuddering flesh.

She didn't know how long it took for Eric to come too. But he did, and 
he gripped her roughly, then tore up into her from the bed. He plunged 
his prick deeper into her than ever. For the first time she felt 
herself wincing with pain as the huge monster skewered her cunt.

"Ohhhhh owww! Ouch! Owwnnuugghhh!" she howled, her body suddenly 
gripped by an even fiercer seizure of coming.

She rode him and rode him, her body squirming and flipping out of 
control. But Eric held her tightly and buried his massive cock in her 
time after time, plunging it deep, tearing her seething guts out with 
it. Fawn felt like he was pumping every last drop of jism in his balls 
into her.

And this time when they were finished, it took them even longer to get 
back their breath. They lay gasping and groaning side by side, sticky 
with sweat, glowing with spent lust. They gazed at each other, but no 
longer with guilt.

They were too tired for that, Fawn realized. She glanced at the bedroom 
clock and saw that they had been fucking this time for almost forty-
five minutes. Staci would be home soon. She had to get Eric out of 
there.

Reluctantly, he began to pull on his clothes. He kissed her slowly, 
stroking her naked back. Now his kiss was a lover's, not a brother's.

"We have to find a way to do this again real soon," he grinned, kidding 
her.

"You mean it?" She cuddled into his arms, gasping again as his mouth 
dipped to her swelling tits for one last thrilling suck at each long 
nipple. "Was I really better than Danika?" she whispered.

"You're really better than anybody," he whispered back.

"Call me?"

"Tomorrow," he said. "If I can wait that long."

But he didn't call her the next day, nor the one after that. And after 
her initial hurt passed, Fawn began to understand why. It wasn't so 
much the shame of what they had done. No, it was their raw, 
overpowering hunger for one another that they had to fear.

Neither of them, she knew, had ever had such a burning, gasping, 
uncontrollable fuck with anyone else. They both sensed that if they 
gave in completely to this blind thirst for each other's bodies, they 
might burn one another up so quickly that the whole thing would be over 
before they knew it.

I couldn't stand that, Fawn thought. Never having him again? I just 
couldn't stand it. I'd die first.

But when a week had passed and still he had not tried to contact her, 
she grew restless. Part of it was that she felt horny all the time. She 
felt a kind of gnawing, aching horniness that was so persistent it was 
almost embarrassing.

She felt like an animal in heat, always staring hotly at men. She 
wondered if they could smell the thick odors of her need, or sense how 
wet and itchy her cunt always felt. Or how her nipples were now always 
half-erect under the thin fabric of her bra. I need him to suck me and 
fuck me, she thought.

When Jeff came back to town, she eagerly went to his apartment and let 
him fuck her three times in rapid succession. She came each time, and 
was still not satisfied. This is just ridiculous, she thought, feeling 
her body crawl with slow fires.

I never felt like this before. I don't know what's come over me. But I 
need him, I need him to fuck me. Nobody else, just Eric. If this keeps 
up, I'm just going to go crazy.

She didn't want to phone him. The situation with Danika might still be 
delicate. Also, she didn't trust herself. She might blurt out over the 
phone that she needed him to fuck her.

And what if he had patched things up with his wife? That thought 
started a hot intolerable pinching in her gut. He would feel guilty, he 
would swear to himself never to go to bed with his sister again. Fawn 
could feel herself making fists with frustration as she thought of it.

But one evening, when she noticed that the bus she was riding home from 
work had taken a short detour and was going through Eric's 
neighborhood, she couldn't help jumping up and getting off. Great! Now 
what are you going to do? she asked herself.

Resigning herself to the mad impulse, she walked directly to his house 
and rang the bell, quickly thinking up casual excuses. I just happened 
to be in the area, she rehearsed. What I really want to do is suck your 
big juicy cock, Eric. And have you do unimaginable things to every part 
of my body with it. But I can't say that.

Instead of Eric, it was Danika who answered the door. "Oh hi, Fawn," 
she said glumly, her beautiful face looking wrung out from days of 
crying.

Fawn was shocked out of her reverie. "I ... I," she stammered.

Danika gave her a bleak smile. "I suppose you heard about everything."

"I ... Eric called me about a week ago and ... mentioned that you two 
..."

Danika shrugged and opened the door wider.

"Come on in." She saw Fawn's reluctance. "Don't worry, he's not here. 
You won't have to get caught in the middle of any nasty fights."

Not seeing any polite way to refuse, Fawn followed her sister-in-law 
into the house.

"Where is he?" she asked, trying not to betray any quiver of 
disappointment.

Danika pursed her sensual lips, half with scorn, half with sadness. 
"Who knows? He said he was going away for a few days to think."

They sat in the living room. Danika switched off the TV. Fawn saw a 
pitcher of martinis and one glass on the coffee table.

"Let me get you one," Danika said nervously, seeing Fawn's eyes on the 
pitcher. "I'll get you a glass."

"Why not," Fawn smiled sympathetically.

She felt kind of sorry for Danika, who looked so sad and confused, so 
lonely. Sitting here drinking martinis by herself and watching TV at 
5:30 in the afternoon. And Danika seemed defensive about it too.

"I hope you don't get the wrong idea," she shouted from the kitchen. 
"I'm not just sitting here getting smashed all the time." She returned 
with another martini glass and poured a cocktail for Fawn. "In fact," 
she half-giggled, "I only had one. So far. And I waited till five 
o'clock. Just being a good girl. But I took a few days off from work, 
just because I was feeling so bad. Trying to get myself back together, 
you know. But around this time of day it gets a little hard. You 
understand, don't you?"

"Of course," Fawn said.

Seeing Danika like this, so nervous and upset, made her realize that 
she really didn't know much about the situation at all. She knew she 
had not listened very carefully to Eric. She had been too swept up in 
the mysterious urge to go to bed with him.

"You'll have to forgive the way I'm dressed, too," Danika said, briefly 
but genuinely embarrassed. "I mean, it just seems so silly to get 
dressed when you're not going anywhere all day."

Danika wore a thick yellow quilted bathrobe with tiny rosebuds all over 
it. She had it buttoned up all the way to the throat. It was not a sexy 
garment at all, more like a little girl's fluffy robe. It completely 
concealed her body down to the furry bedroom slippers on her feet.

Fawn began to wonder if she might have been wrong. Danika certainly 
didn't seem like some kind of sexpot right now. Instead she was shy, 
and anxious, and sad and lonely. Fawn found herself filling with 
sympathy for her instead of the jealousy she had expected to feel.

"Do you want to talk about it?" she asked Danika softly.

"What's there to talk about?" Danika's eyes filled with quick tears, 
but she blinked them back. "I'm sure Eric told you what a bitch I am."

"Are you?"

"I don't know," Danika sobbed quietly. "I suppose I am."

"Eric said you went to bed with his best friend."

Danika nodded, biting her full lower lip, which quivered with each deep 
sob. "I was. Fawn, I wish I could make somebody understand. I'm crazy 
about your brother, not the other guy. But for some reason I just 
couldn't help myself. I don't know what came over me, but I was just 
going crazy for this other guy all the time. I was just burning up for 
him, and nothing helped. Nothing!"

Fawn gulped down her martini, feeling her face grow hot. She felt 
herself blushing and saw her hands shaking. Across from her on the sofa 
Danika was biting her fist, choking on her soft sobs. And Fawn knew 
that she herself was not blushing for Danika, but for what she heard 
her sister-in-law saying, which was so close to her own predicament.

I understand, Danika, she thought. I understand much more than you 
think.

"I couldn't stop myself!" Danika wept, her face streaked with tears.

"I know, I know," Fawn soothed her.

"How can you know? How can anybody know what it was like?"

Fawn got up from her chair and went across the room. She sat next to 
Danika on the sofa. She took one of Danika's shaking hands between her 
own and cradled it. Then she poured each of them a fresh martini from 
the pitcher.

"I know," she murmured to Danika. "I just know, that's all. You have to 
believe me."

Danika gazed at Fawn through her tear-glistening eyes. "You mean 
something like that has happened to you?

Fawn nodded, trying to control her shame. If you only knew, she 
thought. If you only knew. Danika smiled through her tears with 
temporary relief, sighing and bending her neck so that her head rested 
lightly on Fawn's shoulder. She cried softly again.

"Oh, I don't know why that makes me feel better," she said in a small 
voice. "But it does, in a way."

Fawn put her hand under the collar of the robe, on the moist smooth 
nape of Danika's neck, massaging her tenderly. She comforted the girl, 
drawing her even closer, until Danika was nestled against her, sobbing 
quietly now into her shoulder.

The salt smell of Danika's tears and the vulnerable warmth of her body 
made Fawn feel somehow good. She put her arms around Danika, feeling 
strange unfamiliar yearnings flow through her at the touch of Danika's 
tear-strained cheek against her bare neck.

"It's okay," she murmured softly to the girl, stroking her back through 
the quilted bathrobe. "Sometimes these things just happen."

Danika turned her head and smiled up at Fawn. Her eyes were strangely 
murky with unmasked questions through the film of hot tears. Fawn 
pressed her lips to her sister-in-law's forehead, giving her a 
lingering, reassuring kiss there. Then, without really knowing what she 
was doing, she lowered her lips to Danika's eyes, kissing away the 
tears.

Then her lips fell to the girl's tear-wet cheeks. And when Danika 
raised her mouth slightly, and Fawn's lips found it, everything seemed 
so warm and natural that they were deep into the kiss before either of 
them knew it. Danika's lips parted as Fawn's tongue slipped into her 
mouth.

Fawn felt Danika's tongue curling around her own. She sizzled with 
excitement and desire as their embrace grew tighter. Their hands groped 
urgently for each other's flesh through the fabric of their clothes. 
When their mouths finally came apart, Fawn found Danika's big dark eyes 
shining, staring at her.

"What are we doing?" Danika asked in a whisper.

"I don't know," Fawn shook her head.

But this time she shut her eyes and enjoyed the pleasure as Danika's 
lips touched hers again. She held the girl's body tightly, feeling 
Danika's hands rubbing her back through her thin blouse.

This time they kissed with more freedom, more heat, more urgency. When 
the kiss broke off they were both gasping. They gazed at each other, 
their eyes burning, both of them thrilled and nervous.

"I've never done that," Danika said, looking down bashfully. "I mean, 
never kissed a woman."

"Neither have I," Fawn whispered back.

"I want to do it again."

"I do too. But ... what if we don't stop?"

We might as well face it right now, Fawn thought. We know where we're 
heading. We shouldn't be cute about it. God, she thought, god! I never 
thought anything like this would ever happen to me!

"Do you want to stop?" Danika asked shyly.

Fawn shook her head.

She closed her eyes and felt Danika's lips on her neck, dipping down to 
her throat, crawling up her chin to her mouth again. This time instead 
of merely kissing they devoured each other, their mouths and tongues 
thirsty with passion, their bodies squirming together on the sofa.

Fawn knew that if anything had to be more wrong than her and Eric, was 
her and Danika. But her sister-in-law's searching mouth and probing, 
snaking wet tongue drove her wild with excitement. But I don't care! 
she thought. I don't care about anything! I just want her! I want her 
so bad!

She slipped one hand between the buttons of Danika's robe and found her 
loose tits. They were warm and smooth and spongy against her rubbing 
palm. Danika's nipples were tantalizingly soft and swollen as she 
cupped them gently with her fingers.

Danika sighed. She moaned against Fawn's teeth, and sucked her lower 
lip. Her eyelids fluttered, and she whispered huskily, "Are we going to 
do it? Are we really going to?"

Instead of answering her, Fawn withdrew her hand and rapidly began to 
unbutton the robe. She exposed Danika's firm lovely round tits, 
lowering her mouth to the first wide brownish nipple that popped into 
view. She flicked it with her tongue, and licked the soft bud that was 
already flecked with tiny excited bumps.

Then she sucked the whole thing between her lips, swirling her tongue 
around it, feeling it stiffen and point. She had never had her mouth on 
a woman's tit before, but she felt no shame or guilt, only warmth and 
passion.

She cupped Danika's firm luscious tits in her hands, admiring their 
almost perfect roundness. She filled her palms with the smooth globes, 
feeling the blood bead in her throat as she closed her lips again and 
again over the erect, throbbing nipples.

Danika sank into the sofa cushions, tossing her head, mewling, smiling 
dreamily and moaning. Fawn's lips and tongue and teeth plucked and 
pulled at her taut pulsing nipples. Hers must be more sensitive than 
mine, Fawn thought, excited by the way Danika squirmed and moaned under 
her mouth.

And baby, your tits are so beautiful! she thought. I don't even want to 
go anywhere else, I just want to stay here and suck you and drive you 
crazy like this. Fawn twisted and pinched the thick springy wet nipples 
with her fingers, and Danika writhed, and cried out, her lovely face 
contorted with pleasure.

"Oh Jesus! Ohhhhhhh, Fawn, it's never been so good," Danika gasped. She 
opened her eyes and stared hotly at Fawn. "I want to take your clothes 
off."

Her fingers shook with excitement as she tried to unbutton Fawn's 
blouse faster than it could be done.

"Not so fast," Fawn said, helping with the buttons herself.

"I want it fast," Danika panted.

Fawn slipped her blouse off her shoulders and reached behind to 
unfasten her bra. "But we can have it slow," she whispered. "As slow as 
we like."

But Danika's eyes were swimming with lust. "I want it fast! I want you 
quick, before we change our minds."

Fawn watched Danika's eyes widen as she slipped the bra straps off her 
arms and her naked tits came into view. She sighed as the girl reached 
out to touch them.

"They're so white against your tan," Danika murmured, squeezing Fawn's 
tingling nipples with her fingers. "Oh Fawn, I thought that thing I did 
with Eric's friend was the most exciting thing that ever happened to 
me, but it wasn't. This is! I've never felt anything like this!"

"Oh baby, I haven't either, I never have," Fawn sighed. "Ohhhhh ... 
ohhhhhh!"

She couldn't restrain the moans that came from her throat as Danika 
lowered her head and began softly licking and sucking her sensitive 
nipples. Now it was Fawn's turn to shut her eyes and enjoy for the 
first time another woman's ingenious mouth on her tits. They ached and 
pulsed as Danika rubbed and squeezed, and pulled with her soft wet lips 
on Fawn's thick rosy nipples.

Both of them were now gasping, writhing, hot with lust. Fawn slipped 
her arms around Danika's bare back and pulled the panting girl against 
her. Their firm naked tits mashed and squirmed together, her own tight 
nipples still wet with Danika's warm saliva.

She burrowed her searching tongue into Danika's ear. She stroked the 
smooth silky flesh of the girl's back, kissed and gently bit her long 
creamy neck, humming low senseless husky sounds, murmuring into her 
sister-in-law's hair.

"I want to fuck you," she murmured. "I want to fuck you, ohhhhh I want 
to fuck you ..."

Danika, almost breathless with lust, slid down Fawn's trembling body. 
She tore at the belt of Fawn's skirt, then reached behind and unzipped 
it.

"Fawn, I want all of you," she gasped. "All of you, quick!"

She peeled Fawn's skirt down her long golden legs in one rapid 
movement. Next came her panties. Now Fawn was completely naked, 
shivering with anticipation. Trying to control her shaking body, she 
watched Danika slip out of her half-open bathrobe and skim her lace 
panties down her tawny thighs.

Then she took the girl back into her arms. Both of them were keening 
and moaning now as their smooth supple bodies coiled together. Fawn ran 
her hands down Danika's silky back to her ass, squeezing her asscheeks 
and running her finger up and down the warm crack between them.

Hot tremors seized her body as she tried to relax, to yield herself to 
the pleasure of Danika's mouth and hands, which were exploring every 
inch of her naked flesh. Danika's mouth descended, kissing her ribs and 
her flat satiny stomach.

"Ohhhhhhhh god, let's go in on the bed, baby!" she moaned. "I can't 
move enough here."

"Okay, but hurry," Danika nodded.

They got up from the sofa and went quickly to the bedroom. Fawn shut 
the door behind them while Danika went to the bed and stripped off the 
covers. Fawn embraced her again, standing at the edge of the bed. They 
stroked each other, then sank slowly down onto the cool sheet, coiling 
together with smoldering sensuality.

"Ohhhhh now ... now," Fawn murmured, running her hands all over the 
warm trembling smoothness of Danika's curvy body. "I love your body, I 
love it. You're so beautiful. Now we can fuck ..."

"I've never done this, Fawn," Danika said, staring at her solemnly.

"Neither have I," Fawn said.

She scooped up Danika's round tits and slurped the wide brown nipples 
again with her tongue. Danika swarmed all over her with hot lust. They 
were clumsy and awkward, but full of aching need. But Danika quickly 
dipped her face between Fawn's spread thighs. Fawn was convulsed with 
pleasure as she felt the girl's lips on her wet crack.

"Unnhhhh oh! Oh God, ahhhhhhh!" she gasped, her hips jumping and 
gyrating as Danika's tongue rooted in her fuck slit.

At first she groped for Danika's head feverishly, but soon she yielded 
her body totally to the girl. Her flesh shuddered and rippled with 
flame as Danika's mouth searched and probed her hot, wet pussy. When 
Danika's tongue rasped against her swollen clit she could only writhe 
and pant, bucking her hips uncontrollably, thrusting her soupy cunt up 
into the invading mouth of her sister-in-law.

She clamped Danika's head in her churning thighs and squeezed it, 
trying to bear the fierce intensity of the sensations that ripped 
through her quaking body. Danika's tongue stabbed her aching, dripping 
pit, and Fawn rolled helplessly on her back, groaning as her climax 
approached.

It happened more quickly than she had expected. Suddenly it welled up 
inside her and broke.

"Oh honey ... Danika, oh! God, I'm going to come! Oh!" The spasms 
wracked her. "Unnhhiieeeeee!" she screamed.

The orgasm ripped her apart. Shuddering and panting uncontrollably, she 
tossed on the sheet as it wrenched her with shock after shock.

Only seconds after the explosion of her own climax she was devouring 
Danika too. Nestled between the girl's thighs, she licked Danika's 
puffy slick cunt-lips and slipped her tongue into the girl's puckered 
pussy.

"Aauuunnghhhh ... oh do it fast, Fawn! Fast, please!" Danika gasped 
wildly. "Hard and fast, please!"

Danika's splayed pussy was shiny with juice. Her cunt-lips were swollen 
and engorged with hot blood. Her hips rose and flipped and bounced 
spasmodically. Fawn pressed her mouth into the girl's creaming cunt 
slit, jabbing her tongue deep into the tangy wet fuck channel.

She had never had her mouth on a woman's cunt before, but she rooted in 
Danika's delicious pussy with her tongue, bringing yelps of pleasure 
from Danika's throat. Danika's mewling and whimpering, and the helpless 
writhing and rolling of her lovely body, jacked up Fawn's lust to 
higher and higher levels.

Moaning with crazy lust, she devoured Danika's shimmering red cunt-
lips, licking the delectable mushy, wet folds from top to bottom, 
sucking Danika's pussy-lips into her mouth. She tongue-jabbed the girl 
wildly, and sucked Danika's swollen clit until Danika thrashed madly, 
her hips bucking and surging.

"Unnnnn ... nnnunnn!" Danika groaned, delirious with need.

Fawn sucked and tongue-raped the girl's flooding pussy, swallowing the 
buttery juices. Danika's small curvy body flipped and writhed out of 
control. Fawn grasped at her flexing thighs, at her gyrating, jerking 
hips, trying to hold her steady. She dug her fingers into Danika's 
round asscheeks, and Danika whinnied with pleasure.

"Oh god, god yesssss!" she hissed through her teeth. "Squeeze me, 
squeeze my ass, squeeze my tits! Aunngghhhh! God, it drives me crazy!"

Her strong thighs clamped Fawn's head tightly in her wet crotch. She 
moaned and pumped, shoving her pussy up into Fawn's mouth. Fawn slid 
her hands up to the girl's jiggling, hard-nippled tits and caught them, 
squeezing them hard.

Danika began to come. Her body strained and flipped as the hot spasms 
wrenched her.

"Annnugghhh! Yaiieeee!" she screamed, her hips jerking crazily as the 
climax poured through her. "Annghiieeee!"

When it was over, Fawn slid up her moist body and kissed her mouth 
again. She held Danika's body tightly against hers, rubbing their naked 
tits together, still stroking Danika's throbbing cunt with one hand. 
Danika's hand dropped to Fawn's crotch and caressed her wet pussy too.

"You know what we've done," she murmured to Fawn. "We'll never be able 
to stop now."

"Do you want to stop?" Fawn asked, scissoring Danika's clit between two 
fingers, giving it a twist.

"Ahhhhh!" Danika sighed, her eyes rolling up. "No, no never!" she said.

"Is anybody coming over tonight? Do you have plans?"

"No," Danika panted, becoming aroused again.

"Then why don't we have another martini, and eat a little something, 
then settle back for an all-night fuck," Fawn suggested. "How does that 
sound?"

Danika bit her lower lip. Her eyes were flooding again with fresh 
desire. "God, I don't know if I can wait that long," she said.



Chapter 3


Fawn stayed the night. She and Danika didn't fall asleep until 
midnight. By that time they were so exhausted and sore from fucking 
that they could barely drag themselves into the bedroom.

They had done as Fawn had suggested, having another martini, then 
dinner. Then they had put on some music and danced naked for one 
another, but quickly fell to hot, feverish fucking again on the living 
room carpet. It didn't seem that either one could get enough of the 
other.

Each girl knew how to make the other come, either in quick, explosive 
bursts, or in long shimmering undulations that left them each gasping 
with bliss. Humming, panting, moaning, they slumped to the carpet in 
the center of the living room floor with the candlelight flickering 
golden shadows over their naked flesh.

"I'll just never get enough of your gorgeous body," Fawn murmured, 
sliding her lips down Danika's smooth flesh, devouring her sister-in-
law's dark glimmering nipples.

Within seconds, they had squirmed into position for sixty-nine. Danika 
was flat on her back on the carpet with Fawn crouched over her, pushing 
her throbbing tits into the girl's smooth heaving belly. She dipped her 
tongue eagerly into the tangy splayed seam of Danika's runny cunt.

She could feel Danika's arms encircling her hips, clasping her ass, 
drawing her pussy down. Danika's hot slithery tongue slid up into her 
own aching pussy. Danika's hungry lips plucked at her swollen clit.

She writhed and dug her fingers into Danika's clenching asscheeks, 
burying her mouth in the girl's sopping wet slit. They squirmed hotly 
together, groaning and thrashing with need. Their hot shuddering bodies 
were welded together with coming, and the shattering spasms wracked 
them again and again.

After dinner they took a bath together, and while Fawn was lathering 
Danika's voluptuous tawny body she dropped one hand underwater and 
found the girl's tender pussy slit. Her other hand slid over Danika's 
slippery tits, and she finger-fucked her moaning sister-in-law until 
the sobs of Danika's orgasm were reverberating off the bathroom tiles.

Drying off Fawn's body after the bath, Danika stooped and pried apart 
Fawn's moist asscheeks and ran her tongue up and down the crack of 
Fawn's ass until Fawn was shivering and whimpering with unaccustomed 
delights. At the same time, Danika slid two fingers up into Fawn's 
cunt. She kept licking Fawn's asscrack, and reaching up with one hand 
to tweak Fawn's damp, excited nipples, while her fingers plunged 
quickly up and down in Fawn's boiling pussy.

Fawn's knees grew so weak that she had to grab a towel rack to keep 
from falling. But she spread her feet and thighs, and pressed her cheek 
against the tiled wall. She sucked her bottom lip as she gyrated her 
hips down into Danika's fast-flying hand. And she came standing up, 
gagging joyously on the sharp sensations that gripped her trembling 
body.

After that they returned to the bedroom and lay down on the bed, 
sharing a joint. This time when their lust returned it was languorous 
and slow. They calmly stroked and nibbled one another, and sucked and 
kissed one another's bodies. The joy came from bleeding slow 
excruciating orgasms out of each other.

At times they dozed, coiling together, letting their exhausted bodies 
rest. But soon they would find themselves kissing again lazily, then 
not so lazily. Soon Fawn would find herself whooping through still 
another killer climax. She would swarm over Danika's palpitating flesh 
until she too was whimpering again in the throes of another hot, 
throbbing orgasm.

By midnight there was nothing they could do but sleep, they were so 
tired. But in the morning when they awoke it was the same thing all 
over again. They each climaxed twice before even getting out of bed.

"My god," Fawn sighed against Danika's naked swollen tits, "we've got 
to stop this."

"I know, I know," Danika sighed back. "I never knew anything like this 
was possible."

In the kitchen Danika made her a cup of coffee, since Fawn had to go to 
work. But even after all the fucking they had done, they still didn't 
want to part.

"You could ... call in sick," Danika said, licking her sensual lower 
lip.

Fawn shook her head. "We can't let it get control of us like this."

"No, I guess you're right," Danika said glumly. She went over to Fawn 
and took the coffee cup out of her hand, kissing Fawn's mouth 
thirstily. "But you have to promise me something."

She slipped one hand under Fawn's skirt, caressing her inner thighs. 
Her fingers came up and pressed against the gauzy fabric of Fawn's 
panties, already wet with pussy-juice.

"Ohhhhhhh!" Fawn moaned. "What do want me to promise?"

"We have to do it again," Danika breathed. "I don't think I could stand 
it if I never got to suck with you again."

"I know. I feel that way too," Fawn whispered. "But what about Eric?"

Fawn was gripped by a sudden shock of guilt. She had not only fucked 
her own brother, but her brother's wife too.

"Screw Eric," Danika said. "Just let me fuck you and suck you and I'll 
never think about him again."

Fawn was late for work. She disengaged herself gently from Danika.

"I have to go. Oh baby, I have to go. But soon, soon. I'll call you. 
We'll do it again, soon. I promise."

But in the coming days Fawn thought it over carefully. Only now that 
she was away from them both could she see how totally wrong it had 
been. All right, so it had been fantastic. She had never experienced 
anything as good as fucking with Eric, then with Danika.

God help me, she thought, just think what it would be like to be in bed 
with them both at the same time! I wouldn't be able to stand it. I'd go 
crazy. It would just be one killing orgasm after another. Oh god, I 
can't let myself think that way, I just can't!

Sure, it had been fantastic. But that was nothing compared to the fear 
she suddenly had of this insatiable hunger in her body. Never before 
had she felt such hot, continuous lust as she felt for those two. Never 
before had she had so many wild orgasms as she had gone through in 
their arms.

She knew that merely being in a room with either of them now would make 
her willpower totally evaporate. She would become a hot whimpering 
jelly of uncontrollable fuck-hunger. It was dangerous, and humiliating. 
It was like being in their power, and not having anything to say about 
it herself.

They could fuck her, rape her, do anything to her, and all she would 
want was more, more, more! She couldn't let that happen. So for nearly 
two weeks she went without any sex at all. And during that time she 
tried to put both Eric and Danika completely out of her mind.

She even tried to put her boyfriend Jeff out of her mind too, even 
though he was obviously hurt and bewildered by her coolness. To her, he 
was just an irrelevance since he could never be for her the lover that 
Eric and Danika had been.

But Jeff was persistent. He wouldn't give up easily. He demanded that 
she explain her rejection of him.

"It has nothing to do with you," she said to him one evening when he 
dropped her home from work.

"It doesn't?" he snapped. "Then I'd sure like to know what it has to do 
with."

"Never mind. It's just not you, that's all. You'll just have to trust 
me. I'm telling the truth."

Her roommate Staci was home too, bustling around the kitchen. Fawn 
didn't want to discuss it in her presence.

"I guess I'll have to," Jeff snapped again. "I'm sure not getting 
satisfied in any other way."

"Oh Jeff, all you think about is screwing," Fawn said. "It won't hurt 
you to take a little rest from it for a while."

"That sounds easy for you to say," he said. "Are you sure you're not 
getting it somewhere else? If you're going to be so honest ..."

"I'm telling the truth! Are you calling me a liar?"

Staci came into the room, and that made them both twice as nervous and 
irritable. Fawn's roommate was very attractive, tall and red-headed, 
with pale translucent skin and a high perky ass that never failed to 
draw men's glances. Fawn knew Jeff would like to screw her. Any man 
would.

"You two are shouting pretty loud in here," Staci said, with a 
mischievous smile. "Would you like me to leave or something, so you can 
kiss and make up?"

"Maybe you and I ought to leave together, Staci," Jeff said. "Then Fawn 
can crawl into the refrigerator with all the other ice cubes and 
finally be happy."

"I don't care," Fawn sniffed, acting aloof, but sulking and smoldering 
with jealousy. "Go ahead, I don't care."

"Look, you two, this is idiotic," Staci said. She grabbed her purse and 
her coat from the armchair by the door. "I'm going out. I have a few 
things to do. I'll probably be gone about an hour."

"You don't have to leave, Staci," Fawn said nervously.

For a brief moment she felt as if she would rather have the fight that 
was going on than the sex that was probably inevitable if Staci left.

"Oh yes I do," Staci smiled. "Yes. Yes I do."

She shut the door behind her, leaving Jeff and Fawn alone.

With Staci gone, Fawn became resigned. If the poor guy wanted to fuck 
her, then she would let him fuck her. After all, she couldn't deny that 
she liked him. She'd been going with him a long time. They'd had good 
moments together.

Certainly Jeff couldn't help it if Eric and Danika had somehow got into 
her life and screwed up all her feelings, making her realize things 
about her body she had never known before. Besides, she had to admit to 
herself that she was a little horny, too. It had been a while.

Suddenly she found herself thinking of his cock. During the past two 
weeks she had been mostly thinking about Danika, and the hot lesbian 
fucking they had done. The fuck with Eric was always in the back of her 
mind too, but more worrisome to her was the wild intensity of her night 
with her sister-in-law.

She worried about what it might mean. It was not pleasant to think she 
might really be a lesbian at heart. Could that be true? She refused to 
think it. Now, as she found herself thinking about Jeff's cock for the 
first time in weeks, she realized that here was a way to test herself. 
She walked over to him, suddenly all pliant and warm, and offered him 
her mouth. She even slithered her tongue between his teeth almost 
before he could embrace her. He kissed her back, and dug his fingers 
into her springy ass through her skirt. He mumbled against her 
searching, moving lips.

"I don't know what's going on with you, baby."

"Ohhhhh, do you have to? Do you have to?" she murmured back, quickly 
reaching down and unzipping his fly.

She could feel the thick gristly stalk of his hot prick thumping 
against her fingers through the thin cotton of his shorts.

"I don't have to, but I'd like to," Jeff panted.

"What else would you like to do?"

Swiftly she dipped both hands under the elastic band of his shorts and 
dug deep. She twirled his big soft balls gently in her fingers, then 
stroked the hot pulsing shaft of his cock.

"Never mind, don't answer that," she murmured.

She sank to her knees and groped with his belt buckle. In one swift 
motion Jeff pulled her sweater over her head. His eager hands found the 
bare tanned skin of her back and shoulders, his fingers scrabbling for 
the catch of her bra. But before he could unfasten it she had pulled 
his pants and his shorts down around his ankles. Her fast hungry mouth 
was all over his red twitching prick.

"Right here?" Jeff gasped.

"Right here."

Fawn clasped his hips and pulled him down onto the living room floor. 
She took his fat prick all the way into her mouth until the swollen 
bulb on the end of it nudged the back of her throat. Then she drew her 
lips slowly up the throbbing ripply fuck-stalk until she got to the 
ridge below his flaring cockhead. She lip-pinched it, and stroked the 
sensitive skin with her tongue.

Jeff's whole body strained with pleasure. He groaned, holding her head 
in both hands. Fawn took his pulsing cock out of her mouth and licked 
it, bathing it in warm spit.

"Ohhhhh, I've been mean to you, haven't I, baby," she cooed. "So mean, 
so mean. But I won't be mean now. Do you want me to drink your cum?"

"Unnngghh," Jeff grunted softly, too aroused to speak.

He still had on his shirt, and his shoes. His ankles were trapped in 
the crumpled cloth of his pants, so that only his tense legs and hips 
and his big blood-thundering cock were exposed to her. And that was 
just what Fawn wanted.

She wanted to mouth-rape him. She wanted his prick. She wanted to 
cradle it in her hands and lick it and swallow it. His fingers clasped 
at her bare neck and shoulders, tugging frantically at the straps of 
her bra. But she squirmed away and devoured his stiff hot fuck-rod so 
eagerly that he could do nothing but fall back and moan and thrust up 
into her busy mouth.

His wet prick pulsed with crazy hot urgent life in her hands. She 
stroked it from top to bottom with her tongue, then sucked his balls 
into her mouth, first one, then the other, swirling her lips over them.

"Oh, I'm going to find out if you've been a naughty boy," she murmured, 
slurping and swallowing the juice that leaked from the purplish head of 
his cock. "How close are you, baby? Close?" She dove on his jumping 
fuck-shaft. "Have you been sticking it in someone else?"

"Oh Jesus, Fawn" Jeff moaned. "You're so good!"

His firm strong hands held her by the sides of the head now, holding 
her mouth steady. He drove his raging cock up into her throat, making 
Fawn gag and sputter with eager lust.

She loved doing it to him. Her own body flushed with coursing waves of 
heat. She could feel the juices of her sizzling cunt wetting her 
panties, feel her thighs shaking and clenching involuntarily. Her 
nipples were erect inside the cups of her bra. She sighed and 
whimpered, pushing her naked midriff against his jerking, hairy knees.

Oh Jeff! Squirt it into me, feed me with it! After you come you have to 
fuck me, you have to rape me! You can do anything you want to me, baby! 
But right now I'm going to suck it out of you! Oh yes, oh yes! Are you 
ready? Have you been saving a big load just for me? Let me have it, 
then! Now, baby, now!

She laced her fingers around the pumping red stalk of his prick, 
sucking him wildly. His cock grew even stiffer, hard as granite. She 
felt it extend and point, felt his whole body grow painfully taut. She 
felt the rough strength of his hands shoving her head down. His prick 
rammed viciously into her throat, and Fawn gobbled it insanely, sucking 
it with rabid intensity.

"Aaowwnngg! Unngg." Jeff cried out as the cum exploded into Fawn's 
mouth.

She drank the warm viscous river of his cum as it poured down her 
throat, and milked his cock for more with her frantic fingers. She 
squeezed his balls and sucked again and again the spurting head of his 
jerking prick. Jeff groaned and thrashed around on his back, up-fucking 
into her throat, wincing and trembling as the last ounce of his jism 
hurtled up to sluice her waiting tongue.

When he was finished, and his cock began to go limp in her mouth, she 
slithered up his body to kiss his cheek. "Was it worth waiting for?" 
she asked coyly.

"That was worth anything," he gasped.

"I don't know what came over me."

"I don't either, but I hope it comes over you again."

"I've been feeling so sexy, so horny lately. That's why I was so 
reluctant, I guess ..."

"You don't have to explain, Fawn," Jeff said, sitting up and reaching 
around her back to unfasten her bra.

"No," she said, still coy, pulling away before he could unclasp it.

"What do you mean, no?"

"Let's do it on the bed."

He grinned. "I don't care where we do it, as long as we do it."

She jumped up and did a seductive pirouette in front of him, showing 
him her long, bronzed, shapely legs. She smiled, grinding her hips 
suggestively.

"I want you to fuck me in a special way."

She pranced off toward the bedroom. Jeff scrambled to his feet, 
disengaging them from his crumpled trousers. His limp ropy prick began 
to thicken and swell again between his thighs. He stripped off his 
shirt and followed her.

"What do you mean, in a special way?"

"You'll see," Fawn said.

She shut the bedroom door and submissively turned her back to him, 
finally presenting the clasp of her bra. An idea had occurred to her. 
She knew that Jeff's prick wasn't as big as Eric's. Not many were that 
gigantic. So maybe the glorious fucking that Eric had given her hadn't 
been caused by the hot shame and delicious guilt they both had felt?

She wanted Jeff to fuck her in the same way Eric had, with her ass 
perched on the edge of the bed and their feet on the floor. Then she 
could get the same sensation of being absolutely split open and ripped 
to pieces by his hammering, driving prick. She was already pulsing with 
lust from drinking Jeff's cum, hot with fuck-need. If only he would 
fuck her with as much authority as Eric had done, half her problems 
would be solved.

She was hot and trembling with anticipation and she mewled and shivered 
as Jeff removed her bra. He cupped her smooth, excited tits with his 
hands from behind. He kissed the nape of her neck and the skin along 
her shoulders. Goosebumps broke out all over Fawn.

Her cunt was wet with warm, buttery fluids. "Jeff, honey, you can do 
anything to me," she moaned, feeling his hungry lips on her neck, his 
fingers tugging her aching nipples.

"I will, I will," he panted.

Soft and pliant, she let him turn her around. He unzipped her skirt and 
slid his hands under the gauze of her panties, squeezing her ass. Fawn 
moaned, shuddering softly. It was going to be like it had been before, 
she knew it! She wanted to be fucked like that again.

Her eager hands raced to his cock, grasping and squeezing it. But he 
was in control now, not her, and he skimmed her panties off and placed 
her on her back on the bed. His hands and mouth went to her throbbing, 
swollen nipples, then down her long sleek belly, down farther, sliding 
into the wet pit of her crotch.

With his fingers, he drew open the slick outer lips of her flowing 
pussy. He kissed it hotly, then stabbed his tongue into her burning 
cunt until she was nearly climbing the walls with need.

Fawn was writhing and seething with uncontrollable lust. But she had to 
make him fuck her in the same way, Eric's way. She had to!

"Ohhhhhh, god, oh yes, Jeff!" she panted. "Unhhhh! God, it's good, 
yessss!"

She writhed and moaned, rubbing her hot quivering body all over with 
her hands, loving every delicious sensation he tongued to life in her 
wet pussy. Rolling and tossing wildly on the bed, she clasped his head 
between her silky thighs. Her own frantic hands squeezed her aching 
tits and nipples.

She was already coming in light fast skimming tremors as he tongued and 
sucked her clit. Delirious with pleasure, she lost all thought of 
having him fuck her the way Eric had. Her body ran with fire. When Jeff 
finally loomed up over her she stared deep into his eyes.

He hooked one of her legs in each of his arms and pressed them back so 
that her knees nearly touched her shoulders. Fawn shivered with 
excitement. Her body was bent almost in half. Her heels flailed 
helplessly in the air above his head. The whole wet glistening red seam 
of cunt-flesh in her crotch was splayed and puckering.

She had never been fucked this way. Arrows of fear zipped through her 
as she felt her body cramped, bent double, so that she could barely 
breathe. The tops of her thighs mashed into her own spiky nipples and 
crushed down on her tits as Jeff rose over her. He plunged the shaft of 
his prick so deep into her slippery channel that she squealed with hot 
shocks of surprise.

"Aaieeeeee!" she screamed. "Ohhhh! Unhhh! Oh god, yessss! Unh! Unh!"

Her bent body acted like a living spring as he rammed his cock fiercely 
in and out of her. Jeff fucked her so furiously that Fawn thought the 
bed might break under them. It rocked and shook and creaked. She gasped 
for breath each time he rose off her, then felt the air squeezed out of 
her lungs again with the down-thrusting hard spike of his cock.

Jeff locked his strong arms behind her neck, grunting and ramming her 
full of his prick. He rose even higher up over her, lifting his knees 
off the mattress and digging his feet into it. Then he bounced up and 
down on the resilient spring her body made, drilling his cock deep into 
her burbling pussy.

He had never fucked Fawn with such grinding, merciless fury. He ripped 
her creaming pussy, reaming and piercing her into a torment of wild 
pleasure with his savage thrusts. He dug it into her and she squealed 
with bliss.

Then he lifted his hips and jabbed it into her again. Again she 
squealed. She found that she could flex her thighs and hips in rhythm 
with his sharp, hammering plunges. Jeff rose up out of her, and Fawn 
clenched her legs muscles and wiggled her ass in a wild frenzy, 
pinching the head of his cock with her wet clasping cunt.

Then she yielded and moaned as his hard, driving body slammed down onto 
her again. It pinned her knees back against her shoulders, mashing her 
aching tits, squashing the air from her lungs. His fiery prick pierced 
to the bottom of her exploding fuck slit.

Fawn began to come in gigantic rolling bursts. The wrenching explosions 
tore through her thrashing body.

"Unnowwnnnggg! Oongghh!" she howled, clawing his back as he continued 
to dig in her spasming fuckhole with his stabbing prick. "Unngghh! 
Unnoowwnnggg! Ahhhiieee!"

Suddenly the fierce iron drill of his prick began to erupt too. 
"Unggungghhh! Aggggh!" Jeff grunted, almost splitting her cunt with 
new, savage, jerking thrusts.

The hot thick jets of his jism spewed into her spasming pit, bathing it 
with hot sharp squirts of cum. Gasping and trembling with fatigue, they 
finally came to rest. Fawn was still pinned and bent double under him. 
Jeff's still-twitching prick was still sunk deep inside her tingling 
cunt.

She held his head in her quivering hands, kissing him feverishly as the 
intense ecstasies subsided.

"Jeff, why didn't you ever do that to me before?" she gasped.

In the back of her mind she was thinking that if only he'd fucked her 
that way long ago she might never have got involved in fucking with her 
own brother. Jeff withdrew his sagging cock from her dripping pussy and 
climbed off her.

"Live and learn," he grinned. "I never knew you'd like it."

Fawn drew him down on the bed beside her and held him, stroking the 
shredded flesh of his shoulders where her fingernails had torn the 
skin.

"I thought your prick was going to go all the way through me and come 
out the other side," she said.

"Did I hurt you?"

"Not at all. I loved it. I have half a mind to hold out on you again, 
just so I can get you to rape me that way every time."

"Every time?" Jeff laughed. "Jesus, we'll kill each other."

She coiled her body around his, feeling kittenish, nuzzling his neck 
with her warm lips. "Ummmmm, but what a lovely way to go."



Chapter 4


The wild intensity of her fuck with Jeff encouraged Fawn. Somehow, she 
felt, it took most of the pressure of her guilt off her. After being 
fucked by her brother Eric, she had wondered if another man would ever 
be able to satisfy her again.

That confusion had made it easier for her to go to bed with Danika, her 
first and only lesbian experience. And the shattering ecstasies of 
their fucking had scared her even more than screwing Eric had. But now, 
with Jeff, she had learned that her body was capable of excruciating 
pleasures that had nothing to do with the shame she felt over going to 
bed with her brother and sister-in-law.

The only thing that still disturbed her was that she seemed to have 
reached a new level of sexual pleasure. She had always enjoyed sex. But 
after she let her brother fuck her, everything changed. She had to have 
it. She hated even to think of the word "nymphomaniac" in relation to 
herself. But sometimes it was almost impossible to avoid.

Could I really be one? she wondered. She found herself craving sex all 
the time. She wanted to be fucked all the time. It was a hot, 
throbbing, aching need in her. She knew others must be able to see the 
hunger in her eyes.

She was afraid to look at them for fear they would think she was a 
nympho, as she was beginning to fear she was. How can I be that? she 
asked herself. I never was one before. You can't just turn into one 
over night, can you?

In bed with Jeff she began to swarm over him, biting and scratching 
him, shrieking with passion as the orgasm shattered her. He even tried 
to act like he loved it. And he probably did love it most of the time. 
Still, she knew it scared him, this writhing, half-demented intensity 
that suddenly overcame her every time she fucked.

As a way of controlling herself, to prove to herself that she really 
wasn't a nympho after all, she tried self-discipline. She made excuses 
to Jeff, who was only too glad to get a little rest. She kept busy 
working, writing letters, cleaning house, washing dishes, swimming.

But whenever Staci was gone from the apartment, Fawn would lie down on 
the sofa or the bed and quickly finger-fuck herself into hot gasping 
tremors of coming. Her cunt always seemed so juicy and ready. Her clit 
was always so swollen and tender. She never failed to come like a 
string of firecrackers going off the moment she plunged her hand into 
her tingling wet crack.

Almost a month had passed. She had heard nothing from Eric or Danika. 
She had not been disturbed by it at first. She knew they could not 
avoid feeling the same guilt she had felt, and the confusion. But as 
time went on, she began to wonder why neither of them had tried to 
contact her.

Could they have gotten back together? If so, that should, as part of 
the family, make her happy. But it didn't. She knew she didn't want 
them to get back together. She wanted them apart. She wanted to fuck 
with each of them again. The desire was overwhelming.

Coming home early from work one day, mulling all this over in her mind, 
she found herself unaccountably thinking of Danika. Her body grew hot 
and her cunt wet as she was climbing the stairs to her apartment. God, 
I want to feel her eating me again! she realized. I want to fuck with 
her so bad! I miss it!

Well, maybe I can just get inside quick and make myself come. Then 
maybe it'll go away. Her head was swimming so fast with sexual 
anticipation that she was not prepared for what happened when she 
unlocked the door. The chain lock was fastened from the inside.

The door wouldn't open more than about three inches before the chain 
stopped it. That meant Staci was home, even though she too was supposed 
to be at work. Fawn almost called out to have her unfasten the lock, 
when suddenly she overheard a soft quivery moan, coming from inside the 
apartment.

Was it Staci? Fawn flushed, growing embarrassed. Staci was screwing 
some guy, taking advantage of Fawn's absence. Fawn knew she should shut 
the door tight then, go away, come back later. But her fascination was 
so intense that she couldn't help listening even harder.

"Ummmm," Staci hummed in a throaty, sultry voice. "Just my bra?" she 
murmured. "Are you sure? You promise ... you won't go any further?"

Whoever was with Staci only whispered something, soft and low. Fawn 
peered through the open crack in the door, trying to glimpse something. 
But the two of them were obviously sitting on the sofa, which was 
around the corner from the door. This made it possible for Fawn to hear 
them clearly, but not to see anything.

"Ohhhhh," Staci sighed. "You know, I've never done anything like this. 
Why am I letting you do this? Does Fawn do this with you?"

Fawn's curiosity jumped a notch higher. Could it be Jeff? She could 
feel her face begin to redden with anger. But then she heard the voice 
clearly. It was Danika's!

"Didn't you like touching mine? Sucking them like that?" Danika 
murmured, ignoring Staci's question about Fawn.

"It just ... took me by surprise. I mean, I was only kind of curious 
when you first kissed me like that. But then when you took off your 
sweater and ... you weren't even wearing a bra, I just couldn't help 
myself. Your tits are so beautiful, so smooth and springy, I just ..."

Danika's whispery voice was thick with a lust familiar to Fawn. "Can I 
touch yours too? And kiss them?"

"You promise you won't go any farther?"

"I promise. I wouldn't do anything you don't want."

"I've never done anything like this before."

"Don't worry. There's nothing wrong with it."

"But there's supposed to be."

"Here, just turn around this way and let me take it off."

"I can take it off for you."

"I want to take it off myself."

"Ohhhhhhh ..."

"You're shivering. Ummmm, your skin tastes so good. There, there we 
go."

Now there was silence, then fast sibilant breathing. Then Staci's soft 
sighing and moaning. "Ohhhhhh, oh god, it feels so good!"

Fawn's hand trembled on the doorknob. She snatched it back, fearing to 
make a noise that would alert them to her eavesdropping. Her face was 
hot and flushed, her blood pounding. She could hear Danika's familiar 
humming. She could even hear the wet sounds her working lips made as 
she sucked Staci's nipples.

And Staci's excited whimpering nearly drove her crazy. She was 
paralyzed by curiosity, envy, jealousy. For over a year she and Staci 
had shared the same apartment, yet never had they seen one another 
naked.

Still, Fawn knew that Staci had a gorgeous body, with firm high tits, 
and a small waist, and long shapely legs. She had never thought of her 
sexually until this moment, but now ...

She didn't know what to do. Part of her hated Staci for getting what 
she herself wanted. Part of her hated Danika for giving it to Staci 
instead of to her. But also part of her wanted to keep listening to the 
incredibly exciting sounds they were making.

She knew they wouldn't be able to stop. Who could? They would have to 
go on, and she wanted to overhear them fuck. She wanted to see them 
too, but there was no way she could do it. She even wanted to join 
them! But of course it was impossible.

"Ohhhh baby," Danika sighed "your nipples taste so good. They're so big 
and springy and dark red. I want to swallow them."

Staci's breath hissed as she sucked it past her clenched teeth. "You're 
making me want to come," she hissed. "We've got to stop this! Ohhhh, we 
have to stop!"

"No, oh noooo," Danika soothed her softly. "Now could we stop? Don't 
you like me to suck you like this? And lick you here? And pinch them a 
little, like this?"

"Unnnnnhhhhh, oh god! Yessss, I love it!"

"Oh good. And what about this? How does that feel?"

Staci gasped sharply, repeatedly. "Oh! Oh! Oh!"

Fawn raised her fist to her mouth and bit into it. What were they 
doing? She wanted to die from not being able to see it. What was Danika 
doing to her?

"And this? And this?" Danika murmured playfully.

"Oh god ... oh god. I'm going to explode!" Staci whimpered.

"Relax, just relax," Danika purred. "I only want to make love to you, 
Staci."

"You ... you promised," Staci gasped.

All Fawn could hear was the wet sucking of Danika's lips.

"Oh god ... you promised!" Staci quivering voice moaned.

"Don't worry," Danika murmured. "I'm not going to do anything you don't 
want. I promise."

"Oh please, please," Staci was panting, her voice trembling with 
excitement.

"Why don't you touch my body?" Danika asked softly. "Here, let me take 
these off." Fawn could hear the gnash of a zipper, then the quick 
sounds of Danika shedding the rest of her clothes. "There," Danika 
breathed. "Why don't you put your mouth all over my body, Staci? 
Please. Anywhere."

"Oh Danika, you're so beautiful," Staci sighed.

"You can do anything to me."

"I ... don't know what to do."

"Touch me," Danika's soft sultry voice beckoned. "Touch me here. And 
here."

"Ohhhh, you're so warm. And so smooth."

"Here, put your hands on my ass. Squeeze me like that, ohhhh! Yes, like 
that! Squeeze them hard."

"I want to put my mouth on them," Staci whispered shyly. "I want to 
kiss them."

"Ohhhhhhh, go ahead, baby."

Fawn was gripped by such violent hot shivering that she had to cling to 
the wall next to the door. Her own breath was wheezing in and out of 
her throat. Her crotch was a soupy mess of juice. She knew from the 
throaty sounds of pleasure Danika made that Staci was kissing and 
kneading Danika's ass. The sensations were driving Danika mad with 
delight.

"Ohhhhh Danika ... you're so wet. Your cunt ..."

"My cunt, yes my cunt!" Danika sighed.

Staci said the word as if it were forbidden, a bewitchingly exciting 
thing to say. "It's so wet, and puffy, and shiny."

"Kiss it, baby," Danika begged, her voice thick with lust. "Kiss my 
cunt, please kiss it!"

"Ohhhh, I can't. I just can't," Staci said.

Danika changed her approach. Her voice betrayed only a faint twinge of 
disappointment. She was patient. She knew--as Fawn also knew--that 
Staci was only minutes away from yielding completely to the lesbian 
fucking that Danika wanted to give her.

Danika had worked the girl into such a pitch of feverish excitement 
that there was no way she could lose her now, if she was only patient.

"Here, here," Danika soothed. "Let me turn around and hold you like 
this. Feel my tits against yours. Put your hands on my ass again, oh 
that's right, like that, and squeeze them and rub them. Oh god, it 
feels so good!"

"Danika," Staci whispered, "I really wanted to. I really wanted to kiss 
your cunt, but I--"

"Don't worry about it. There's nothing to worry about. Don't you like 
the feel of our bodies rubbing together like this?"

"Oh, I love it, I just love it!"

"But don't you think it would feel even better if you took off your 
jeans so I could feel your bare legs? You could leave your panties on."

"Danika," Staci whispered shyly, "you just want to get into my pants."

There was silence that drove Fawn crazy. She knew they were looking 
deeply at each other. All she could hear was the wild pounding of her 
own blood. Finally Danika murmured, her voice thick with passion. "I 
want to eat your cunt," she said softly.

"And I want you to," Staci replied softly too. "I've never felt like 
this before."

Fawn could hear them kissing. Staci whimpered softly as Danika slowly 
unzipped her jeans and peeled them off.

"Your panties are so wet," Danika whispered.

"I'm so close! Staci moaned. "You don't know how close I am. Ever since 
you first touched me I've felt like coming."

"Here, let's get these off your ankles. God, Staci, you have such 
beautiful long legs."

"Oh! Ohhhhhhhh!" Staci gasped.

"Just relax, relax, honey. I'm going to make you come."

"Ahh! Ahhhh! Aaauunngghhhh!" Staci cried out, panting and groaning with 
pleasure.

Fawn knew Danika was eating Staci's pussy, tongue-fucking the girl with 
the feverish lust she herself had experienced and craved so much. All 
she could hear was the wild squirming of their bodies on the sofa. She 
shut her eyes, trying to control her own breathing.

She pushed the heel of her hand against her own itching, flowing cunt 
through the cloth of her skirt. Staci moaned, her voice keening with 
animalistic urgency that drove Fawn wild. Staci was coming. Delirious, 
helpless sighs of ecstasy came from her panting mouth.

"Unhhhh! Oh Jesus, now, Danika! Nowwww! Unghghiiieeeee! Oh! 
Unghhiieeeee!"

"Ohhhhhhhh!" Fawn moaned softly herself, sagging against the door.

She hardly knew what she was doing as she staggered down the hallway, 
then down the stairs. She walked the streets for hours, it seemed, 
trying to get control of herself. The welter of jealousy and sexual 
arousal that gripped her was almost overpowering.

She didn't know what to do, and she was almost afraid to go home. What 
if she caught them still doing it? After all, she and Danika had gone 
on for hours their first time. On the other hand, Staci knew she would 
be coming home after work. She probably would call a halt to it before 
then.

They'll probably just go back to Danika's place and do it some more, 
she thought, steaming with jealousy and resentment. By six o'clock she 
was back trying the door again. This time it opened easily to her key. 
No one was home, as she had expected.

Trying not to imagine Staci and Danika lying in one another's arms, 
groaning with ecstasy as they made each other come repeatedly, she put 
on her bathrobe and brewed a cup of tea. When the doorbell rang she 
went wearily to answer it.

"Eric," she said, startled to see him standing there.

She let him in without another word. Now her feelings were more stirred 
up than ever. She got a bottle of wine from the kitchen and two 
glasses, still without speaking, and rejoined him in the living room. 
She poured them each a glass.

"I thought I'd hear from you sooner," she said hesitantly.

Eric nodded and sipped his wine. "I thought you would too," he said. "I 
really wanted to call. I almost called you a thousand times, Fawn. But 
each time I stopped. I thought you'd probably turn me down because 
you'd feel the same way I did."

"How was that?"

"I wanted you. I still want you. I haven't been able to get you out of 
my mind."

Fawn could feel her blood beginning to heat up. But she remained calm.

"But you haven't gone all this time without other women, have you?" she 
asked.

He shook his head, his handsome face grinning sardonically. His rugged 
jaw and strong, even teeth made her yearn involuntarily to feel his 
mouth everywhere on her body.

"No," he said. "As a matter of fact, I've been going through a whole 
line of them, just trying to find one that could make me forget you."

"And Danika?"

"I haven't seen her since I last saw you." Somehow that made Fawn feel 
very good. "Did you find anyone who could make you forget?"

He shook his head again. "There isn't anyone."

This is getting out of control already, Fawn thought. Though 
considering what I've been through today, I can hardly blame myself for 
letting it. But I promised myself I wouldn't let it happen again. And 
yet here it goes anyway.

"Look, Eric," she said, trying to grasp the conversation forcibly and 
get it back on the track where it belonged. "I know how you feel. I've 
been feeling that way too, believe me. But we can't let it get the 
better of us. You know as well as I do that it's wrong. That's why we 
kept away from each other as long as we did. I'm your sister."

He glared at her. "You know that doesn't matter."

"I've decided I can't do it any more," she said, looking down at the 
floor. "It started a whole bunch of things that are really confusing 
me, and I think the only way to stop them is to try and be healthy. 
Normal, you know what I mean?"

"What things!" Eric asked, faintly jealous.

"Never mind what things," Fawn replied, embarrassed. She couldn't dare 
tell him. "Look, for one thing I'm worried about Danika. She's acting a 
little strange. I know she hurt you, but surely you've hurt her enough 
in return by now. Why don't you two ...?"

"You've been talking to her?"

"I ... saw her a few times." Again Fawn looked down. "I think she needs 
you very much."

She seems to like girl-fucking a little more than I think she should, 
she wanted to tell him. But that would be dangerous, and way out of 
line.

Eric glared at Fawn, his eyes now flickering with obvious passion, and 
determination. "I don't want her," he said. "I want you."

She shook her head, still looking away from him. She tried to keep the 
yearning of her own body under control. I don't want him to fuck me, 
she repeated to herself. I don't want him to fuck me. Of course not.

"You can't have me," she whispered, trying to mean it, trying to make 
him see she meant it, whether she did or not. "Not any more. I think 
you should go back to your wife. We had something good. We can always 
remember it." Still staring at the floor, she felt her eyes brim with 
tears. It hurt. She wanted him too. She didn't see him rise from his 
chair, but only felt him coming around the coffee table. She felt his 
arms encircling her shoulders, his mouth pressing down on hers.

She kissed him back and parted her lips to his tongue. Her whole 
quivering body dissolved into pliant undulations as his hands dug into 
her flesh through her robe. Ohhhhh god, Eric, I want you to fuck me and 
fuck me forever! she wanted to tell him. But she pulled away from him, 
wiping the tears from the corners of her eyes.

"We can't, Eric, we can't," she said. "I told you that."

But Eric was not to be put off so easily. He clasped her face again in 
his rough, masculine hands, and bruised her swollen lips with his 
mouth. His hands slid under her backbone as he kissed her, and found 
her naked tits. He squeezed them urgently.

"I want you, Fawn," he panted against her cheek. "I want to fuck you."

"I know ... ohhh, I know," she breathed. "But we can't."

She could feel the huge lump of Eric's cock pushing against her thigh 
as she squirmed in his grasp. He kissed her neck, her throat, digging 
his fingers into her springy tits, twisting her soft nipples in his 
fingers.

"I haven't been able to think of anything but you," he panted. "You 
know it's been the same for you, you know it."

You and your wife, Fawn thought, guiltily. "But we can't! We can't!"

She knew he could tell she didn't mean it. But feeling temporarily 
desperate, she wriggled free of him and walked across the room. She 
turned and saw him staring down at her body, where her bathrobe had 
come open. Her naked tits were clearly visible, her nipples erect and 
hard from the caresses he had given them.

Quickly she pulled her robe shut. "Maybe ... you should go back to her, 
Eric," she suggested hesitantly.

It sounded just as strange to her as it obviously did to him. Am I 
crazy, suggesting it? she wondered. But maybe it would work. Maybe it 
would save all three of them. Maybe it would make this horrible craving 
to fuck with them both go away.

"You mean once I get back together with her, then I can have you?" Eric 
asked her, incredulous.

Fawn gulped softly. It did sound ridiculous. "Why not?" she said.

For an answer Eric came over and took each lapel of her bathrobe in one 
hand. He ripped it open, and literally tore it off her quivering body 
in one motion.

"I want you, Fawn," he breathed into her ear. "I want to fuck you. I've 
been waiting so long, but I've got to!"

"Ohhhhhhhhh!" Fawn moaned, going limp as he held her.

She was close to giving in. What did it matter? Would it make things 
better to refuse? Her body needed him. Her cunt was wet and seething. 
She wanted to feel it filled up by the plunging stalk of his huge cock.

Eric's hands dropped from her tits, caressing her smooth flat belly. 
They slid down to her damp thatch, his fingers probing lower, finding 
the soupy aching lips of her throbbing pussy. Fawn hissed with pleasure 
as his fingers slid up into her slippery channel.

"Nooooo, oh no, we can't."

Quickly an idea came to her. It might save them both. If the three of 
them were ever to have a hope for a healthy and normal life, she had to 
overcome this lust for her brother. She had to stop this now, not let 
him fuck her either. It was for the good of them both.

Suddenly, surprisingly, she turned into a tornado of passion herself. 
She swarmed over Eric, sinking to her knees, tearing at his belt 
buckle.

"Oh Eric, baby," she gasped, pulling at his zipper. "Let me suck you, 
oh let me suck you, and blow you. I want you to fuck me in the mouth. 
Last time you didn't let me drink your cum. Let me do it now, please!"

Eric was taken by surprise. Here she had been resisting him, though 
yielding at the same time. And now she was nearly devouring his crotch, 
tugging at his pants, trying to free his fiery, aching prick. She 
pulled him down beside her on the floor, yanking his pants and his 
shorts down to his ankles. Then she ran her wet lips all over his hot 
blood-thundering prick.

"God, Eric," she said, snaking her tongue over his beautiful stiff 
cock. "It's so big! I'd almost forgotten how huge it is. I want to eat 
it, I want to swallow it!"

She held the massive ridged shaft of her brother's cock in her hands 
and licked it up and down. It was true, she had forgotten how gigantic 
it was, and her pussy pulsed and itched with the desire to be filled up 
with it.

But she got control of herself. She closed her thirsty mouth over the 
flaring purplish head of his prick and sucked him eagerly. She was wild 
with passion, wilder than she had ever felt, giddy with the expectation 
of swallowing the hot jets of his climax.

Eric was surprised by the sudden, voracious appetite she had for his 
cock. But he wasn't going to refuse the pleasure she was offering him. 
He lay back on the floor, bucking his hips up gently into her down-
thrusting mouth. He dug his fingers into her hair, panting softly as he 
felt the juices rise up.

"Oh god, I want you to fill me with it," she panted, rubbing his iron-
hard prick with both hands, kneading his balls, then diving on him 
again crazily. "Come, baby, come!"

She was wildly in need of an orgasm herself. Her cunt ached with 
insatiable need. But she drove everything else out of her mind and 
relentlessly sucked her brother's prick. You've got to see it my way. 
You've got to, she thought, humming deliriously as the first salty 
juices of Eric's climax began to enter her mouth.

I know you're close, she thought. I know I can make you come! You're 
going to shoot it into me, Eric!

She rolled his big soft balls in her fingers, dripping warm spittle on 
the ballooning head of his enormous prick, stabbing it with her tongue, 
then sucking it nearly down her throat. She heard her brother groan 
with pleasure. Come, baby, come! she keened to herself. Let me drink 
you! Yes, yes! Let me drink you, baby!

Suddenly, without warning, Eric's hips jumped off the floor. The huge 
twitching pole of his cock pushed up into her mouth. He jammed it into 
her throat with such power that she coughed and choked. She had been 
sucking his cock, but now he was fiercely fucking her throat.

Fawn gagged deliriously and let him do it, feeling the warm milky 
rockets of his jism erupt deep in her mouth. His prick squirted and 
spurted into her throat, and she gulped down his cum wantonly, 
swallowing it and sucking for more, gurgling and humming with happy 
lust.

When it was over, Eric slumped back exhausted. Fawn caressed his limp 
cock, still burning with a prairie fire of sex need herself, but 
determined not to give into it. She was feverish with the need to have 
him fuck her, but she tried to control her trembling body. Maybe after 
he got back together with Danika. Maybe then, once in a while, they 
could ...

But for the present she had to sacrifice her own selfish urges. She 
reached across the floor and pulled her bathrobe over, slipping quickly 
into it. Then she kissed her brother and whispered to him.

"You see what I mean, don't you, baby?" she said. "If we go on this way 
it's just too dangerous. Sooner or later one of us will have to end it. 
But if you're with Danika, then once in a while we might ..."

Eric nodded, still grinning from the great pleasure she had given him. 
"I suppose you're right," he said. "But I'm still puzzled about why 
you're so interested in Danika's well-being."

"I ... think she needs you a lot more than she could ever say," Fawn 
said, knowing that she didn't sound very convincing.

"What about you?"

"I need you too. But you're my brother. You know there's something 
wrong about that, Eric."

He nodded again. "Maybe you're right. I guess I should give her a 
call."

Fawn felt a faint jealousy again. She trailed her fingers seductively 
down his bare chest.

"She's very lovely," she whispered. "Promise you won't enjoy fucking 
her so much that you never come back to me just once in a while?"

Eric pulled her down on top of him and kissed her mouth roughly. She 
could feel his massive prick throbbing to life again, pressed into the 
naked flesh of her thigh.

"Never a chance of that," he groaned, digging his fingers into her ass 
trough the cloth of her bathrobe.

Fawn knew she had to get rid of him right now. Before she threw caution 
to the winds and just surrendered to him completely, begging him to 
fuck her. She hopped up out of his grasp, and shook her head.

"Not until afterward," she said, smiling.

Eric stood up glumly and pulled up his pants. "I guess that gives me an 
extra reason to get started on this quickly, eh?" he grinned.

She nodded and kissed him goodbye at the door. But as soon as she shut 
the door behind him she went into her room and slipped out of the robe 
again. She lay on the bed, parting her thighs, rubbing her wet sizzling 
cunt with both hands. Within seconds she was thrashing about and biting 
back her screams, pulverized by molten shock waves of coming.

She came and came, having hot gagging climax after climax, but all the 
time she was wishing she had let him fuck her.



Chapter 5


The following day Eric phoned Fawn at work. "She says she doesn't want 
to see me," he said. "She never wants to see me again, she said. She 
doesn't need me."

Fawn had thought something like this might happen. She herself thought 
anyone who would turn Eric away had to be crazy. She even suspected 
that she was half-crazy herself for having come up with this scheme to 
straighten out Danika and to make her own life more normal at the same 
time.

But now that the plan was in motion she really just couldn't say, "Oh 
well, let's just forget about it, then. Come over tonight, big brother, 
and fuck me till I die of coming." She couldn't say that because it 
would put them right back where all the mess had started in the first 
place.

"Look, Eric," she said, "it's natural for her to act a little snippy 
about it like that. She hasn't seen you for a month and a half. She's 
probably feeling hurt and guilty and sorry and all sorts of things, and 
she doesn't know how to tell you."

"She didn't sound very confused to me," Eric said.

"Believe me she is," Fawn said.

She realized that her sister-in-law was taking this lesbian fucking 
very seriously. But of course, she had known that all along, ever since 
she caught her with Staci. It had been the main reason behind her 
scheme to get Eric and her back together. How could Danika, after a 
ripping good reunion fuck with Eric, ever again deceive herself that 
she was only hungry for other cunts, not big pricks like her husband's?

"Look Eric," she said, trying to ignore her jealousy at the idea of 
them fucking. "Let's try it this way. Tonight after work I'll drop by 
there and kind of soften her up. I'll have a talk with her, get her in 
a good mood. Maybe I'll get her to talk about you. Then you just drop 
by yourself about twenty minutes later, and we'll see what happens."

"I don't know what makes you think it'll work," Eric said.

"I know how much she needs you," Fawn repeated.

I know how much she needs to be crammed full of your huge, incredible 
cock, she said to herself. I hate to admit it, but right now she needs 
it even more than I do.

She realized the truth of her words even more when she got to Danika's 
house that evening after work. Her sister-in-law answered the door 
slightly tipsy, and completely naked. Not only that. When Fawn glanced 
past Danika into the livingroom, she glimpsed another naked girl--
raven-haired, dark-skinned--struggling hurriedly into her clothes, 
which were scattered on the floor.

"Fawn, what a surprise!" Danika giggled.

As usual, it was very hard for Fawn to take her eyes off Danika's 
beautiful naked body. And for that matter, she was also mesmerized by 
the sight of the other girl. But she quickly regained control, and 
whispered harshly to Danika.

"Danika! What's going on here?"

"Just having a little party," Danika smiled. "Come on in, join the 
party. How about a martooni? I've already had tee maitoonies myself."

"Close the door!" Fawn snapped. "Everyone in the neighborhood's going 
to see you!" Quickly Fawn pushed past her and shut the door behind 
them. "Who the hell is that?" she asked Danika, nodding at the other 
girl, who had dressed with such embarrassed speed that she was nearly 
finished.

"That's Maria. Would you like to meet Maria?" She leaned close and 
whispered in Fawn's ear, her breath hot and smoky with gin and sex. 
"She's really good in bed. Only she bites and scratches."

"Get her out of here!" Fawn hissed under her breath.

She felt her heart thumping, her cunt moistening. She knew that part of 
her now regretted that Eric would be arriving soon. The thought of a 
three-way girl fuck with Danika and this lovely dark Maria who bit and 
scratched made her head reel and her blood gush through her veins. But 
that was only another of the messy impulses she was trying to overcome 
by her plan.

Danika, however, misinterpreted her. "Oh, are you jealous, Fawn?" she 
said, obviously delighted. "You want me all to yourself?"

"I want to talk to you about something," Fawn said. "Please put some 
clothes on and get that girl out of here."

"Shhhh!" Danika bent close to Fawn's ear, hushing her. "You might hurt 
Maria's feelings. This is only our second time. And believe me, I love 
to fuck with her."

"Danika, calm down," Fawn said, reaching out to touch her sister-in-
law's cheek.

Maria stood behind them, glancing at the front door, her escape. Fawn 
saw that she was truly lovely. Her dark eyes flashed with dazzling 
latin fires, and she had a full-lipped sensual mouth that was so 
succulent that Fawn felt her cunt oozing again with juices against her 
will. But she pulled Danika aside, and stepped away herself, clearing 
the way to the door.

"Maria, this is Fawn," Danika said, her voice sultry.

"Hello, Maria," Fawn said.

She knew her eyes were saying: I want to fuck you too, I really do, and 
you can bite and scratch me too, all you want, but right now we can't, 
sorry ...

"Hi," Maria said in a voice trembling with fear and shame. Quickly she 
went to the door and slipped outside, pulling it shut.

Now Fawn and Danika were alone. "Put something on," Fawn said to her 
sister-in-law, trying to keep her eyes off the lovely body that had 
given her so much pleasure. But Danika resisted. She cupped her full 
tawny tits in her hands, raising them, offering them to Fawn.

She squeezed the firm tit-globes so that her long dark nipples flared 
and swelled. "You mean you don't want me?" she said coyly. "I can't 
believe that, Fawn. Can't believe you don't want to fuck me. Look at 
me, why won't you look at me? You can't just come here and chase Maria 
away and then refuse to take her place. Come here and let me give you a 
drink." She went into the living room, her long smooth back and her 
round delectable ass beckoning Fawn. Her voice deepened and grew 
huskier.

"Sit here and have a drink," she said. "And while you're drinking it, 
I'll just sit here on the floor between your legs and suck your cunt 
softly until you explode. Remember how I can do that? How does that 
sound?"

Fawn was gripped by a sharp tremor of lust. In fact, it sounded 
absolutely great to her. It was all she could do to overcome the urge 
to give in.

"Put something on, Danika. Please."

Danika turned her face to Fawn, smirking flirtatiously. "Oh, I get it," 
she grinned. "You want to have the fun of taking it off me, right? I 
mean, we can sit here and have a drink, and then sort of peel each 
other, right?"

"I don't think you need another drink."

"I'll put on my see-through nightie, how's that?"

Fawn had to go along with her. Any way she could get Danika to cover 
her nakedness would have to do. She sat in a chair and drank off half 
of the martini in one gulp, something to steady her nerves. Danika went 
to the bedroom and returned moments later wearing a sheer peach 
peignoir that, if anything, made her even more desirable than she had 
been when naked.

The flimsy transparent fabric clung to the curves of her body and 
concealed the dark circles of her plump nipples just enough to make 
them more tempting than ever. But at least she had on a semblance of 
clothing. She sat on the sofa across from Fawn, stretching out her long 
sleek legs in full view, and poured herself another martini.

Fawn gritted her teeth briefly and decided to plunge right into it. 
"Danika, Eric called me," she said.

"He called me too," Danika said. "Big deal, so what?"

"He wants to get back with you. But he said you wouldn't even listen to 
him."

"That's right."

"Why not?"

"Because I don't need him and I don't want him. I almost told him that 
over the phone. He's very proud of himself because he has such a big 
cock, you know. I suppose I shouldn't be telling you that since you're 
his sister and all, but anyway it's true, what the hell."

Fawn tried not to blush. She raised an eyebrow, as if mildly 
interested.

"That's one of the reasons I let his friend fuck me, the thing that 
started this whole business. Just to teach him a lesson. You've got to 
have more than a big prick to be a good lover. You've got to really 
care about the other person. That's why I've come to like women so much 
better than men. They understand, they care. You know that."

"No, I don't."

"You like fucking with me. You can't deny that. I saw the way you were 
looking at Maria too. You wanted to fuck her. It's a pity. You 
shouldn't have scared her away. We could've had such a good time 
together. She's a wild woman, you wouldn't believe it. I've still got 
scabs on my back from where she scratched me the first time. I came so 
hard I thought I was going to die. You love it, you know you don't have 
to lie to me."

"But I love fucking with ... Jeff too," Fawn said, almost slipping.

"Oh sure, but it's never as good as--"

"Yes it is," Fawn interrupted. "Look Danika, didn't you ever stop to 
think that if you had Eric, you could still have Maria too, or me, once 
in a while?"

This was Fawn's pet theory about it, and she wasn't altogether sure it 
was true. But she had to keep trying it out anyway, to see if it 
sounded any better.

"That's sick," Danika giggled.

Fawn couldn't help laughing too. "Well, the whole thing is sick, I 
guess."

Danika put her empty martini glass down decisively on the table. 
"Good," she said. "If it's all sick, then we might as well not worry 
about it any more. Come into the bedroom with me and let me rape you 
slow and good."

Fawn shook her head and saw Danika frown with puzzlement. But at that 
moment everything was settled by the ringing of the doorbell.

"Shit!" Danika snapped. "Who the hell is that?"

"I don't know," Fawn said. "But you'd better put on something over that 
sexy nightie before you answer it."

"Shit on them, I don't care," Danika said, half-stumbling toward the 
door. She opened it and saw Eric. "Well I'll be damned, if it isn't my 
own runaway husband. Hello, jerko, did you come back to get the rest of 
your socks?"

Eric said nothing. He glanced over his wife's shoulder at Fawn, who 
shrugged. "Can I come in?" he asked.

Danika stepped aside. "It's part your house too, isn't it?"

He came into the living room, looking very uncertain and nervous. 
Danika followed him, half-lurching under the influence of too many 
martinis. But her gracious stumbling somehow only enhanced the beauty 
of her body beneath the filmy peignoir. Her full tits swayed from side 
to side. The gauzy cloth slithered over her high ass, and swished up 
around her golden thighs.

Both Fawn and Eric caught themselves staring at her bare flesh. Fawn 
turned her eyes away, not willing to reveal herself too much. Now's 
about time for me to go, she thought. But Eric kept staring at his 
wife, obviously feeling strong lust for her.

"I think I'd better go now," Fawn said, standing up.

"No, don't go," Danika said. "Don't leave big brother and me alone."

Suddenly she hopped up from the sofa and fluttered over to Eric. She 
kissed him full on the mouth, hard and passionately. Eric was very 
surprised, but he kissed her back hotly. Instinctively his hands rose 
and clasped her dangling tits through the filmy peignoir. Danika broke 
off the kiss and leaned back out of his reach.

"See what he wants to do?" she said. "Your big brother wants to fuck 
me. He probably even wants to kill me, rape me or something. Wouldn't 
that make you jealous?"

She looked at Fawn, her eyes flickering with clever spite. Fawn stared 
at her, flabbergasted. I've got to get out of here quick, she thought. 
She's going to say something that'll ruin everything for all of us. 
Both of them were staring at her now.

"No, I'm going," she said.

But at the same time she knew she was aroused and excited. She didn't 
want to leave at all. She wanted to stay and see what happened. She 
didn't have long to wait. Before she could even turn and walk to the 
front door, Danika had slumped to her knees on the floor between Eric's 
thighs and was clawing at his belt buckle.

"Fawn's been telling me I ought to be more interested in pricks," she 
muttered half-crazily. "And I was telling her what a big one you have. 
Here, let me get it out where she can see it."

Fawn was paralyzed in one spot, staring, unable to move. She was 
appalled by Danika's unpredictable wildness. Eric was obviously 
stunned, too. He grabbed Danika by the shoulders and shook her.

"What the hell are you doing?" he shouted.

Danika smiled kittenishly. Her hands crawled back into his crotch and 
she squeezed it. Eric winced with pleasure in spite of his shock.

"What does it look like I'm doing?" Danika purred, unzipping his fly.

She tugged his pants down, slipping her fingers rapidly under the 
elastic of his shorts and grasping his naked, bulging cock.

"I ... I'm going now," Fawn panted, feeling her pulse hammer. But she 
was still unable to move, to stop looking.

"Oh, don't go, don't go," Danika laughed.

Eric's cock began to swell and rise in her hands. Fascinated, Fawn 
stared at it from across the room, watching as Danika playfully 
squeezed and pumped it. Then she closed her sensual mouth over the head 
of it and gave Eric a sharp passionate suck. Again he winced, gasping 
with pleasure.

"See! See!" Danika whooped, half-delirious with lust as she sucked his 
throbbing prick. "See big brother's thing? Isn't it big, like I said? 
Do you want to kiss it and suck it too? Here, Fawn, get down beside me 
and we'll kiss it together. Won't you like that, Eric? Or better yet, 
why don't you fuck her? Why don't we both fuck her together? Fawn, let 
us do that. Let us both fuck you."

Fawn's mouth was dry. Her cunt flowed with juice, her blood thundered. 
Still, she could do nothing but stand there, quivering with confusion 
and lust. I want to! she realized. I want to!

While Danika was trying to tempt Fawn, Eric had grasped her peach 
peignoir in both hands at the back of her neck. Now he suddenly ripped 
it open down her naked back. The filmy nightie fell in soft rags around 
her arms, leaving her totally naked.

He stood up and yanked her to her feet. Then he grabbed her roughly, 
digging his fingers into the round moons of her naked ass.

"Eric, no. Eric, please, no!" Danika whimpered softly, trying to 
struggle free.

"You're my wife and I want to fuck you," Eric panted. "Let Fawn go, if 
she wants to. I'm going to fuck you, Danika."

Danika kept wriggling, trying to free herself. She hissed at him, 
shaking her head.

"No, no, no! I don't want you to fuck me. I want her to fuck me! I want 
Fawn!"

"What?" Eric said, his voice now tinged with puzzlement. For a brief 
second he relaxed his grip and Danika jumped free.

Danika stared solemnly at him. Fawn knew she was going to say something 
dreadful. "She's done it before," Danika said. "We've done it a lot, in 
fact."

Oh god! Fawn thought, panicking completely. Eric stared at her, asking 
with his eyes if it was true. And she knew her face gave her away.

"All right," he suddenly said, glaring at Fawn with a mixture of 
contempt and lust. "All right, take off your clothes."

"What?" Fawn asked softly.

"You heard her," he said, indicating Danika with his head. "She wants 
you to fuck her, not me."

"But that's why I got you over here," Fawn whispered nervously. "To 
cure her of that. She needs you, Eric."

He grinned, then stripped off what remained of his own clothes. The 
sight of his hard, muscular body made her blood rush hotly through her 
veins. "But she wants you," he said, staring at her.

Fawn could not speak. She knew now that she couldn't leave. Her body 
was seething with fuck-hunger. Looking at their two naked bodies made 
her blood hammer with need. She gazed hungrily at Danika's full swollen 
tits and sleek smooth stomach, and at Eric's stiff rearing cock.

With trembling fingers she began to unbutton her blouse. And when they 
saw her doing it, they both came over to her. Before she knew it they 
were frantically peeling off her clothes. Their mouths were on her 
naked flesh, their hands groping and probing.

When she was completely naked, the three of them went quickly down the 
hall to the bedroom. They lay down on the bed, squirming together. 
Danika became caught between Fawn and Eric, and she was the focus of 
their caresses. They swarmed over her, and she surrendered to them 
totally. She rolled onto her back, splaying her thighs, revealing the 
slick red gash of her open cunt.

Danika's naked writhing body had always driven Fawn wild with lust, and 
now was no different. She ran her hands down the silky skin of the 
girl's legs, crouching between them. She pressed her lips to the soft 
smooth skin of Danika's inner thighs, holding them steady as Danika 
moaned and squirmed.

Glancing up the girl's wriggling body, she saw Eric scooping up the 
firm globes of Danika's tits in his hands. He mauled the stiff large 
nipples with his lips, bringing shuddering moans of pleasure from 
Danika's throat. His rough masculine hands and mouth all over her body 
seemed to drive her wild. She moaned and arched her back, pushing her 
tits up into his face.

Fawn ran her tongue up and down the puffy inflamed wet crease of 
Danika's pussy, then pressed her lips against it and frenched it 
passionately. She stabbed her tongue deep into the clenching fuck 
channel, slurping and lapping it, gobbling it.

"Unnghhhhunnghh!" Danika groaned, moaning and thrashing, her cunt 
jerking up into Fawn's devouring mouth. "Ohhhhh! Ungghhh!"

Fawn felt the bed shift under Eric's weight. He manipulated Danika's 
supple body into another position, getting behind her. That made it 
harder for Fawn to suck and lick the girl's hot pussy, so she began 
kissing Danika's smooth belly, moving up her quivering body to her 
jiggling tits.

The tall dark nipples were still wrinkled and erect with excitement, 
still wet from Eric's mouth. Fawn's own wet cunt was burbling with 
prickly fires but somehow she didn't mind postponing her own 
satisfaction. She knew it would come. For the moment it was Danika's 
squirming, sweat-damp naked body that consumed her.

She kneaded the girl's firm round tits with her fingers and tongue-
raped the stiff sensitive nipples. She sucked them down almost into her 
throat, making Danika howl with pleasurable agony. At the same time, 
she realized that she was only a third party to what was actually going 
on between Eric and Danika.

They were communicating to each other, not so much with words but by 
the touch of their bodies, and the involuntary moans and murmurs they 
made. Danika tossed her head from side to side, mewling softly, biting 
her lower lip, hissing as she sucked breath past her clenched teeth.

"Noooo ... noooo!" she moaned, her face a strange mixture of agony and 
pleasure.

Eric had already turned the girl onto her side. But now Fawn felt 
herself being half-pinned beneath both of them as he pushed Danika over 
farther.

"Oh yesss!" he grunted softly at Danika. "Oh yes!"

"Eric, please!" Danika begged.

"Ungg!" Eric grunted, panting, struggling.

"Ohn! Owwwchh! Unggh! Unh! Owwchhh! God, no! Ung!" Danika suddenly 
cried out.

Her whole body stiffened. Tears sprung out of her tightly shut eyes. 
Fawn squirmed out from beneath her shuddering body. Only now did she 
realize what was happening. Eric's whole body was a bronzed clenched 
hunk of rippling muscle. His face was contorted with fierce lust as he 
ripped his huge prick up into his wife's uptilted ass.

Half of the massive fucker was already sunk in the poor girl's asshole. 
With his hands he pulled apart her asscheeks and inched it in further. 
Danika's helpless screams were muffled by the sheet. She was completely 
impaled, pierced, skewered on his enormous, rigid cock. And now he 
started driving it into her ass again and again, like a spike.

Stunned by awe and fantastic sexual excitement, Fawn could do nothing 
but watch as Eric viciously ripped and reamed his wife's asshole. She 
could feel her own assbud throb and burn in sympathy. Danika's spastic, 
clutching fingers grabbed and crumpled the sheet. She burrowed her face 
into it, whooping and moaning and pleading soundlessly.

Her cheeks were wet with tears, her face pale with shock. But at the 
same time her expression showed an excruciatingly intense pleasure that 
fascinated Fawn.

"Unnnn ... unnnn," Danika moaned mindlessly, slumping forward with each 
powerful, ripping thrust of Eric's ferocious cock slamming into the 
depths of her ass.

When she fell forward limply onto the bed, Eric's firm hands grasped 
her hips again and roughly pulled her ass back up. He tilted it at the 
angle he wanted, then drilled it again with his thick fierce shaft. He 
sank his long cock so far into the girl that Fawn thought no one could 
possibly stand it.

Each time he dug his cock into Danika's ass Fawn's own streaming cunt 
felt sprayed with stinging sparks. She reached down and stroked the wet 
slit, feeling her buttery itching cunt-lips greasy with hot sex-slime 
against her fingers.

Finger-fucking herself into pulsing flashes of pleasure, she watched 
Danika suddenly change. The girl began bucking her ass back into Eric's 
piercing thrusts, grinding her hips, and gritting her teeth. She moaned 
in a low, gasping, guttural voice at him.

"Ohhhhhh yes, Eric! Fuck me like that, unghghh! Yes, do it to me, make 
me sorry, fuck my ass, unghgh! Owwncchh! Unghgh, yes!"

The bed rolled and pitched and creaked so violently that Fawn could 
barely stay on it. She crouched beside them, moaning and digging in her 
seething pussy with two fingers. She pinched her erect clit and was 
already coming in soft preliminary jolts when Danika began to explode 
with excruciating orgasms.

"Unnggghh! Yaannghgiiieeee!" she shrieked, slumping forward on the bed, 
writhing insanely into the mattress and biting the sheet.

Eric pumped his cock into her with ever-increasing urgency as he too 
began to come. Danika flipped and shuddered out of control under his 
powerful body. Eric reared up like a lust-crazed stallion, burying his 
huge prick in his wife's asshole. He growled helplessly as the cum 
squirted out of his cock into her ass.

"Ohhh! Ohhh!" Fawn heard herself moaning desperately.

Her whole body shook with the need for a climax. She plunged her 
fingers rapidly in and out of her cunt, and she came, but it was not 
the way she wanted to come. She lay there beside them, rippling with 
small waves of self-induced coming. But she wanted what they had. She 
wanted to be split and pierced and shattered with orgasms.

But no matter how frantically she pumped her hand in and out of her 
throbbing cunt, the big ones wouldn't come.



Chapter 6


When Eric left briefly to use the bathroom, Fawn squirmed against her 
sister-in-law, loving the feel of their warm naked bodies sliding 
together. Now it will be my turn, she thought. Now they'll fuck me, and 
I can come like that.

"You loved it, didn't you," she whispered to Danika.

Danika nodded slowly, her full lips curving in a half-smile as she 
recalled the intense pleasure. "I've never been fucked like that," she 
whispered back.

"I haven't either," Fawn admitted.

She could almost still see Eric's huge rigid cock drilling mercilessly 
into Danika's ass. And the wild look that had passed over Danika's face 
each time it penetrated her. She herself had never been fucked in the 
ass. She had always been terrified of it.

The pain. The horrible submission it required. The total violation. 
Even now the thought of it made her guts clench, and her asshole pinch 
tightly shut in fear. But she could also feel a fluttering in the pit 
of her stomach, and a spurt of fire in her cunt as she contemplated it.

"How did it feel?" she asked Danika.

"It hurt at first," Danika said softly. "Then it was terrific."

Fawn kissed her and squirmed against her more heatedly. "But you have 
to admit a woman could never make you feel like that," she said.

She squirmed and wriggled against Danika, wanting her to know that she 
herself was still aroused, unsatisfied. She drew Danika's hand down her 
smooth belly to her moist thatch.

"I want you to fuck me, baby," she whispered hotly into Danika's ear. 
"I want both of you to fuck me. I'm dying, I'm burning up."

But Danika responded listlessly. Her hand was limp, and her tongue 
restrained at Fawn flicked at it with her own. "Fawn," she said softly, 
"I want to be alone with him."

Fawn froze. She could feel it coming.

"You understand, don't you?" Danika continued.

"I ... suppose I do."

"I know it's not fair," Danika said. "But I can't help wanting it. You 
wouldn't want me to lie to you, would you?"

Fawn shook her head, biting back tears she hated herself for. It was 
what she had wanted, after all. For them to get back together. The fact 
that she was still seething with fuck-need had nothing to do with it.

Pride made her get up from the bed before Eric returned, and head for 
the bedroom door. I've got to get out of here, she thought, almost 
desperate in her haste. This is crazy, insane. I've got to get out of 
here, quick.

"Fawn ... ?" Danika's voice followed her down the hall.

She dressed with lightning speed and was going out the front door just 
as her brother appeared, having figured out where she was. She could 
hardly tear her eyes from his naked body, especially the long swinging 
hunk of his cock, which she wanted so much to feel inside of her.

"Fawn, where are you going?" Eric asked.

But before he could say anything else, she was out the door and fled 
down the path to the street. Too agitated to wait for a bus, she hailed 
a passing cab. Her thoughts were in a turmoil as she sat in the back 
seat of the cab, wondering what to do next.

I've got to get control of myself, she thought. She caught the cab 
driver glancing at her in the rearview mirror. He stared at her 
brazenly, eating her with his eyes, promising to deliver anything she 
might request.

He was young, fairly handsome, with broad shoulders and shaggy black 
hair. His mouth had a vicious, sarcastic twist. Fawn knew that there 
must be something about her he could smell, some sex odor she had 
absorbed from her experience with Eric and Danika.

The way he kept looking at her gave her goosebumps. His dark bold eyes 
riveted hers in the mirror for such long periods that she was afraid he 
might have a wreck. During the moments when he took his eyes away from 
hers to watch the traffic, she tried deliberately not to glance up at 
his name and picture on the cab license that was attached to the 
sunvisor.

She didn't want to know his name. She also wanted him to make the first 
advance. Finally the cab pulled up in front of her building, and he 
shut off the motor. They still had not spoken a word to one another. 
Fawn stared at him in the mirror, making no effort to get out. He 
turned his head and glared at her over his shoulder.

"Isn't this it?" he said, staring suggestively first at her mouth, then 
down at her loose tits that rose and fell in excitement under her thin 
blouse.

She had dressed in such a hurry that she had merely stuffed her bra 
into her handbag. When she said nothing, but simply stared at him, her 
eyes saying, You can fuck me, you can fuck me, please, he repeated his 
words.

"Isn't this it?"

"Do you have some place you can take me?" she whispered, angry with him 
for forcing her to begin it.

His cruel sarcastic mouth that gave her delicious shivers twisted into 
a grin. His eyes drifted again down to the visible bumps her nipples 
made in the fabric of her blouse.

"That depends on where you want to go," he said, staring boldly at her 
tits.

"I want to go crazy," Fawn whispered. She shifted her shoulders 
slightly so that the out-thrusting tit-globes swayed beneath the cloth.

"What kind of crazy do you want to go?"

"I'll bet you can figure that out."

His eyes came back up to her face, slightly threatening, but still 
flickering with sarcasm. "Why don't you tell me?"

He sounded so rough and brutal that for a moment she winced inwardly 
with fear of him. What am I doing? she asked herself. But at the same 
time his rough, bold manner excited her.

"Because you already know," she said.

Suddenly he reached out a hand across the seat and ran two rough 
callused fingers along her cheek. His dark eyes were hot and smoky. 
"But I want to hear it from you."

Fawn's whole body trembled at the feel of his gnarled fingers against 
her cheek. "I ... I," she tried to speak, glancing down at her shaking 
hands.

Still caressing her cheek, her forehead, her chin, running his thick 
bony knuckle across her quivering lips, he spoke softly. "Is it hard?"

Struck by his words, Fawn giggled shyly and stared straight into his 
bold eyes. "I don't know, is it?" she said.

He smiled back at her and slowly nodded. His hand slid down from her 
face to her neck, her throat, down to the top button of her blouse. 
Quickly he unbuttoned the first two, still hotly riveting her eyes with 
his own.

He slipped his hand under the cloth, clasping one of her tits and 
scissoring the tender, swollen nipple with two rough-skinned fingers. 
Fawn gasped.

"I can't take you anywhere," he whispered, fondling her warm aching 
tit. "It's like kidnapping, if you changed your mind later."

"I won't," she breathed, closing her eyes briefly and pushing her body 
forward, mashing her tit into his rough hand.

"Why not here?" he said, indicating her apartment building.

"I have a roommate."

"Maybe she's not home." Now her nipples were erect and throbbing. He 
gently pinched each one, drawing fresh gasps of pleasure from her. "Why 
don't you go up and check?"

Fawn bit her lower lip and nodded. Oh god, she prayed, don't be home, 
Staci! She didn't even want him to take his hand off her body long 
enough for her to go upstairs and check.

"Come with me?" she said in a small voice. "Can you leave the cab?"

"For you," he said softly. "For you I can do anything."

She waited while he parked the cab. Then she rebuttoned her two top 
buttons and took him upstairs with her to the apartment. On the coffee 
table was a note from Staci, and Fawn began to think that there must be 
fate after all. Staci had gone to the mountains for the weekend with a 
new boyfriend.

Fawn turned to the cab driver, who stood with his thick meaty hands 
hanging at his sides, grinning at her as broadly as before.

"She won't be back tonight," she half-whispered, her voice nearly 
choked off with fear and excitement.

Now, as she looked at him in the light, she found him more attractive 
and more terrifying. He had a powerful, muscular, working man's body, 
with strong hairy forearms and thick humps of muscle in his shoulders. 
His jaw was large and sharp, his dark eyes glittery now with obvious 
lust for her.

She went back and fastened the bolt and chain on the door, so that 
nothing like her interruption of Staci and Danika could happen, even 
though she knew it was impossible. When she turned back to him his dark 
eyes bored into her. "What's your name?" he asked. "It's Ca ... Carol," 
she stumbled. "Carol. Don't tell me yours."

"You don't want to know my name? Is that part of the going crazy you 
mentioned?"

"You could say that."

"What other kinds of crazy did you have in mind?" he chuckled.

"I really don't know." She looked away. "What would you like ... to do 
to me?"

"Silly question," he chuckled again.

"No, I mean besides that," she said, blushing hotly. "I mean, how would 
you like to ... go about it?"

He cocked his head to one side as if she were a genuine pervert, but a 
beautiful one of course. He pondered her question for a moment, then 
answered forthrightly.

"I'd like to tie you up."

Fawn gulped. God, what have I got myself into? she wondered. "And then 
what?" she asked, feeling her pulse hammer.

His voice was serious, even tender. "Oh, I wouldn't beat you or 
anything, don't worry." He stared at her for a moment as if to say that 
not everyone was a kinky as she was. "It's not my style. But you're the 
one who wants to go crazy. I just want to make sure you can't get away 
while I'm driving you crazy."

Jesus god in heaven! Fawn thought, feeling the blood beat crazily in 
her flowing pussy. It's all coming true. I couldn't have imagined it 
any better than this! But what if he's not telling the truth?

"How do I know you're telling the truth?" she asked meekly.

"Would I lie to you?" he grinned.

"I don't know. Maybe you would."

Her body was trembling and seething with need. She knew with a wince of 
terror that it really didn't matter. She would surrender to him no 
matter what, and that horrified her. But it would obliterate Eric and 
Danika, everything ...

He shrugged his broad, powerful shoulders. "I guess you'll just have to 
trust me," he said. "You're the one who wants to go crazy. If you just 
want a regular little--"

"No, no," Fawn interrupted him eagerly. "You can ..." She had a hard 
time getting it out. She had never done anything like this in her life. 
"You can ... tie me up, if you want to. But only if you promise not to 
hurt."

He could see how frightened she was, and he crossed the room to her and 
again put his rough, callused fingers softly on her cheek. "Only as 
much as you want," he said. "I promise."

"Really?"

"Really."

He took her face in his strong, rough hands and kissed her with a raw 
authority that made Fawn giddy. And while he was kissing her he slid 
his hands down to her buttons again. Within seconds he had her blouse 
off and his hands on her naked tits. He kneaded them firmly, cupping 
the full springy mounds and rubbing his thumbs over her pulsing 
nipples.

His lips were chapped and cracked, and his fingers and mouth rasped on 
her tender skin. He kissed her bronzed shoulders and her smooth upper 
chest, and squeezed her tits so hard that it hurt her. But she was so 
weak and dizzy with lust that she didn't care.

His chapped, rasping lips found her aching nipples and tore at them. 
Waves of heat shimmered through her tits. He held them in his palms and 
dug his fingers into them, lip-pinching her tight nipples and sucking 
them between his teeth.

Fawn put her hands on his shoulder in order to keep her balance. She 
shut her eyes, turning her head to and fro and hissing with pleasure, 
pushing her aching tits into his face. She moaned in low animalistic 
sounds from the sweet pain his harsh mouth and rough, grasping fingers 
caused in her sensitive tits and teeth-tortured nipples.

Finally she was hardly able to bear it any longer. Gasping, mewling, 
biting her lip, she pushed him away. "I ... I thought you wanted to tie 
me up."

He nodded, and grinned. "You're so beautiful, Carol," her said.

"Thank you."

It was almost comic, she thought, how formal and polite they were. 
Quickly she took him into her bedroom. She pulled down the bed-covers, 
then fished in the waste basket and found a couple of discarded pairs 
of pantyhose. She handed them to him.

He tested them for strength, then nodded. "Perfect," he said. "Take off 
your skirt and lie down."

Fawn's fingers quivered so much that she could hardly unzip her skirt. 
But she obeyed him. Her whole body was alive with tremors of 
anticipation. When she hooked her thumbs under the elastic of her 
bikini panties and began to peel them down her tawny thighs, he shook 
his head.

"Leave them on," he said decisively.

"But you--"

"Leave them on."

She nodded obediently and sat on the edge of the mattress. Again he 
rubbed his rough knuckles against her cheek, a gesture of curiously 
harsh tenderness that made Fawn's cunt gush and itch anew each time he 
did it.

"Give me your wrists," he said.

She stuck out her arms with her wrists pressed together, and he began 
to bind them with one pair of pantyhose. She watched the thick rippling 
muscles in his hairy forearms as he tied her hands.

"Why don't you take off your clothes too," she murmured shyly.

"Sure," he grinned, stepping back, letting the still untied makeshift 
rope go slack around her wrists.

He removed his shirt and Fawn devoured his powerful, athletic torso. 
She loved the thick curly mats of black hair on his chest and stomach, 
and the thinner fur on the backs of his shoulders. He unbuckled his 
belt and stripped his pants and shorts down his strong legs in one 
motion.

Fawn gasped softly as his gigantic red prick sprang up, bobbing and 
jumping. It was even bigger than Eric's! A huge monster of stiff 
jerking fuck-meat, its shiny purplish head an angry pulsing balloon of 
flesh. She stared at his massive thundering cock and suddenly knew she 
had got more than she had bargained for.

He stepped forward and pulled her wrists up again, cinching them tight. 
Fawn's flesh turned to hot jelly. She trembled so hard that she could 
barely stay seated on the edge of the mattress. She whimpered with 
fear, unable to take her eyes off his twitching cock.

"God, it's so big!" she murmured.

Gently he pushed her down on the mattress, drawing her bound wrists up 
to the brass bars of the headboard. As he looped the corded nylon 
through the bars and tied it, she squirmed over onto her stomach, 
shutting her eyes and biting her lip.

Before moving to the end of the bed to tie her ankles, he scooped his 
hand beneath her chin and lifted her face up from between her arms. 
"Don't you want to ... ?" he hinted with his head, indicating that she 
should roll over onto her back.

Fawn shook her head rapidly, with fierce determination. "I want it this 
way," she panted. "I want you to fuck me in the ass. Oh Jesus, do it to 
me, please I want it, I want it!"

He smiled and shrugged, glancing down the smooth bronze expanse of her 
naked back to the high, upcurving globes of her ass, still half-
concealed by the gauzy fabric of her panties. "Whatever you want, you 
can have," he said.

Quickly he moved down to her feet. He ripped the second pair of 
pantyhose in two and tied each of her ankles to an opposite corner of 
the bed, splaying her legs widely. By this time Fawn was nearly 
delirious with need, writhing and moaning with incredible sexual 
excitement.

She felt him crouching between her spread-eagled legs on the bed, felt 
his gargantuan, hot, throbbing cock against the bare back of her left 
thigh as he leaned down over her back and whispered hotly in her ear.

"You're serious? You want it in the ass?"

"Yessss!" she hissed. "Pleeease!"

"Got any vaseline, cooking oil?"

"There's olive oil in the kitchen," she panted, almost out of control.

She felt the bed sink and rise as he left it.

While he was gone she tried to control her feverish panting, tried to 
make her shivering body relax. She wriggled on the bed, feeling her 
stiff nipples ache as the sheet scraped across them, feeling the corded 
pantyhose bite into her wrists and ankles.

She felt the bed sink again as he returned. Suddenly she felt his 
tongue exploring the creases of flesh where her thighs met the bulging 
flesh of her asscheeks. He nipped at her panties, with his teeth. Fawn 
shuddered, whimpering with excitement. Now she realized why he had told 
her to leave them on.

"Ohhhhhhhhh!" she moaned as his teeth nipped at the quivery flesh of 
her ass through the thin cloth.

She felt him biting, chewing, tearing at her flimsy panties with his 
teeth. Her pussy burned and flowed. She couldn't keep her body still. 
Her ass bucked and undulated up into his attacking teeth. Oh Jesus, get 
them off! Tear them off, yes!

He managed to rip a hole in them. His tongue slipped through it deep 
into the crack of her ass. Fawn yelped and shivered with surprise.

"Oh! Unneeee! Oh!" she cried out, her flipping ass wiggling out of his 
grip as she writhed helplessly with unexpected pleasure.

Apparently her writhing excited him. He wasted no more time tearing at 
her panties with his teeth. Instead he grabbed the cloth with his hands 
and ripped it apart. Her panties disintegrated into shreds of cloth. He 
clawed at them, baring her asscheeks and the puffy wet blossom of her 
runny cunt below them.

She felt his breath on her ass, then his tongue dipping into the long 
secret crack of her ass. She squealed sharply as it tickled the tightly 
shut ring of her asshole, then slithered lower. When it reached her 
achy, soupy pussy-lips she really came unglued.

"Unnhhh! Oh yes! Unnnhhh!" she groaned.

He sucked her pussy-lips and jabbed his long tongue up into the 
tingling wet slit of her cunt. She scrunched her face into the sheet 
and up-tilted her ass to his invading mouth and hands, shrieking with 
delight as his harsh tongue scraped the raw bud of her throbbing clit.

Moaning deliriously, she felt him sawing his monstrous cock up and down 
between her cheeks. It would never fit, she knew it! It could never fit 
into the tiny fear-pinched passage where he had only moments ago had 
his long wriggly tongue. She felt the massive fuck-stalk wedged between 
the cheeks of her ass, bursting and throbbing with insane power, and 
gulped with terror.

Then he began to grease her ass-crack with the olive oil. Fawn began to 
shake uncontrollably. Her body shivered with hot tremors, and she 
pleaded with him shamelessly.

"Ohhhhhhh yes fuck me," she moaned, tossing her head frantically. "Fuck 
me, fuck me, pleeeeease!"

"I will, honey, I will," he said calmly, inserting first one, then two 
well-greased fingers into her asshole to open it up.

"Ungghh!" Fawn grunted softly, feeling pain and a wild unfamiliar 
pleasure at the same time.

She gritted her teeth and sucked in her breath. She could hear his own 
harsh panting and knew he was just as aroused as she was. He finger-
fucked her tight asshole for a few minutes, getting it used to the 
idea. Then Fawn held her breath, knowing there was no escape now.

She quit breathing entirely as he lodged the huge bulb of his cock in 
the small opening of her asshole. He held her asscheeks apart and tried 
to inch it slowly into her. At first it wouldn't go in. But he was 
strong, and he pushed and grunted.

"Ohhhh noooo!" she sobbed, feeling unexpected tears squirt from the 
sides of her tightly shut eyes. "Aaaaggghhhiiieeee!" she howled 
suddenly as it popped inside. "Ohhhh! Owwchh! Unngghh! Oh owwwchhh!"

Her whole body erupted in sizzling bolts of electrifying pain. The hot 
pain poured through her body, throbbing and changing into a fierce, 
excruciating pleasure as he slid the rest of his fiendishly huge cock 
into her ass. She was skewered on his massive spiky pole of ass-reaming 
prick.

The pain and pleasure were so intense and intermingled that she thought 
she was going to black out. And it got even worse as he bent forward 
over her, grasping her bare shoulders with his hands. He lunged forward 
into her, burying his gigantic rock-hard cock as deep as it would go in 
the tight flaming channel of her shitter.

Tense with agony and unbearable pleasure, totally impaled on his 
merciless cock, she squirmed down into the mattress, feeling her hard 
throbbing nipples burn into the sheet. She grunted mindlessly with lust 
and impatience, lifting her ass to him, wanting him to rape and ravish 
her brutally.

He now lay slumped on her naked back, his teeth roaming and nipping the 
flesh of her coppery shoulders as he enjoyed the intense pleasure that 
came from her tight ass pinching his burning prick-shaft. But Fawn was 
delirious with need. Fuck me! she wanted to scream at him. Make 
everything else disappear! Just fuck me! She tilted her ass up to him 
and begged him in incoherent gasps and pleas.

"Fuck me, please, fuck me!" she implored. "Unnngghhhh! Ohhh, it's so 
good! Sooo good, unnghhhh! Yesss! Fuck me hard, fuck my ass hard, 
please! Rape me, yes, unghh! Ungh! Ungh! Owwnnch! Oh god! Ungh!"

She egged him on, bucking her hips back into him. Her wildly-twitching 
body flashed with sexual heat as she felt the huge monster sink into 
her ass again and again. And whether it was her words or the frantic 
undulations of her body that drove him into a frenzy, he suddenly began 
to give her what she wanted.

He reared up over her, pulling his prick out to the edge of her 
asshole, grasping her thighs with his rough, strong hands. Then he 
plunged it back into her so brutally that she squealed and whimpered 
with shock, her body erupting in wild shivers of bliss.

She thrashed and wriggled so wildly that the coiled pantyhose on her 
ankles and wrists bit into her skin. Again he slammed his piercing, 
punishing cock into her, and again!

"Ohhhhhhhh!" she moaned helplessly, her body pliant and submissive. 
"Unnhhh ... Oohhhhhh!"

His hard lower belly slapped into her jouncing, quivering ass as he 
hammered his ass-splitting prick deeply into her. Fawn thrust back and 
up into him with her shuddering hips, taking the full penetration of 
his brutal cock. She pinched and wrenched it with her ass muscles, 
driving him wilder still.

Already she was coming. The hot surging waves of honey-fire poured 
through her writhing body, and she cried out with sobbing ecstasy.

"Unngghh! Oh god, I'm coming! Unngghiiiieeee!" she wailed.

But it wasn't enough for her. She wanted to drown completely in it. She 
wanted a fuck that would totally destroy her, so that nothing in the 
past had any reality, ever again. His hard body crushed her from above. 
His savage hands mashed between her hot tits and the sheet, squeezing 
them brutally, his fingers twisting and pinching her nipples until she 
was shrieking and crying with pain.

Still she swooped her ass up again and again to the pounding 
penetration of his tireless cock. She dug her elbows and knees into the 
mattress and tilted her ass up to him, swirling it in small circles, 
twitching it back into his plunging fucker, grunting as he slammed 
forward and crammed her flaming asshole with it.

The bed shimmied and creaked and swayed like a ship in a hurricane as 
their wet straining bodies clapped together. She felt his massive 
plunging cock grow even bigger inside of her. Now he's going to come! 
she thought. He's going to come too!

She could feel a bigger climax hurtling toward her too. He swarmed over 
her back, sinking his teeth crazily into the flesh of her shoulders, 
clawing her tits with his hands. Each brutal piercing thrust of his 
cock lifted the lower part of her body off the bed completely.

Fawn screeched helplessly, twisting and thrashing as hot whirlwind 
tornadoes of coming wrenched her body. The long ass-murdering rocket of 
his prick exploded deep inside her ass, squirting hot strings of jism 
into her. And Fawn thought she would pass out from the firestorm of 
ecstasy that throttled her.

"Aaggnnhiieeee!" she screamed. "Owwnncchhh! Oh! Unghh! Oggghhh god, 
god! Oh shit, yes, unghhh! Anngghiiieeeee! Aiieeeee!"

Everything disappeared but the killing pleasure of the moment. It was 
what she had wanted, a fuck so fierce and brutal that nothing before or 
after it would ever be the same. They lay still for a long while with 
his cock still embedded deep in her throbbing asshole, both of them 
stunned by the blinding fury of their climax.

She was in a state of collapsed exhaustion when she felt him finally 
slide his prick out of her wounded asshole. He caressed the high creamy 
moons of her sweat-glistening asscheeks with his rough hands, and Fawn 
could feel a twinge of new pleasure inside her cunt, as if she might 
come again, just from the feel of his rough fingers on her ass.

"God, that was good!" she gasped, smiling up at him with gratitude.

He was busy untying her hands and feet, freeing her as quickly as 
possible. When he had finished, she drew him down beside her on the 
bed. Thoughts of Danika and Eric were never farther from her mind as 
she nuzzled his rough cheek and let her hand trail down his body to his 
limp cock.

"Ummmm, I'll bet you rape all your attractive passengers in the ass 
that way, don't you," she purred playfully, giving his enormous cock a 
gentle squeeze.

"Only when they want to go crazy," he replied, now beginning to caress 
her body more tenderly.

In only a few minutes, his cock began to swell and throb again. Fawn's 
body came to life quickly under his hands and mouth. "Why don't we go 
crazy the regular way this time?" she asked him softly, pumping his 
newly stiff prick up toward her wet pussy slit.

"Sounds like a good idea to me," he said.

"Ohhhhhh," she moaned, "there never was a better one, honey. Just get 
it in me, quick. I want you to fuck me all night."

She rolled onto her back, her thighs yawning apart to receive him, and 
everything she had worried about before vanished in a hot new surge of 
passion and wild bliss.


The End




Twin Farmgirl Cousins by Ron Taylor


Chapter 1


His teenaged twin cousins were the cutest, hottest little blondes Nick 
Owens had ever seen or even imagined. He hadn't been around them since 
they were all more or less in diapers, but Betsy and Becky were damn 
sure out of diapers now! His eyes moved from one to the other, and it 
was all he could do to keep his cock from springing up hard inside his 
jeans.

They were almost identical blondes, petite, but with ripe, round tits 
pushing out the fronts of their T-shirts, and tight shorts that cuddled 
their asses and made their legs look long, tan, and terrific. Their 
faces were so alike Nick couldn't decide which was the cuter. Becky's 
tits were a little bigger, but there was something about the curvy 
shape of Betsy's ass that made his cock start to leak pre-cum into his 
shorts.

She saw he was looking at her hips, and she turned slightly, her ass 
sticking out provocatively. Nick wanted to howl like a wolf, even if 
they were standing in front of the bus station of Main Street, 
Rocksburg.

The idea of getting so aroused sexually by someone he was blood kin to 
made Nick feel a little queasy, but the emotions his twin cousins 
raised in him were so heated he was sure he could live with the 
queasiness.

"Put your stuff in the back of the truck," Betsy said, wiggling her 
provocative little ass.

Her bare thigh brushed against Nick's leg, he gulped, certain that the 
touch of her body on his would make his cock jump up totally stiff 
inside his pants. She smelled good, too, like a country meadow as she 
leaned toward him. Her T-shirt gapped a little and he could see down 
into her moist, sweat-soaked cleavage. She was tan as far down as he 
could see. He grabbed his suitcase and tossed it up and in. Becky 
picked up the other and threw it onto the truck.

"Might as well get going," she said in her soft drawl.

Even the sound of her voice made Nick's prick ache with lust. He could 
only think of sliding his cock into the mouth that sweet honey voice 
came out of.

Not that he'd ever actually done anything like that--but he'd thought 
about it a hell of a lot. He was a klutz with women. He had yet to feel 
anything other than his own fist wrapped around his cock.

Becky climbed up into the driver's seat. She fired up the engine of the 
truck.

"After you," Betsy said, making a low bow and giving him another peek 
down the front of her shirt. Her tits weren't quite as eye-catching as 
her sister's, but there was nothing wrong with them, judging from the 
glimpses Nick was catching.

He saw the momentary flash of pink nipple! Then Betsy straightened up, 
and it was gone. His mind remembered, though, and it passed the message 
straight down to his cock. It was half-hard as he climbed up into the 
cab of the pick-up, and he just hoped his cousins hadn't noticed.

Betsy climbed in after him, shutting the door behind her. She slid 
across the seat, her thigh riding snug against his. Becky slipped the 
truck into first and peeled out.

"I didn't think you were old enough to drive," Nick said.

Both girls giggled.

"When your daddy's deputy sheriff, you don't need a license," Becky 
said. "Anyway, lots of people have licenses and can't drive for shit. 
We've been driving since we were big enough to see over the steering 
wheel."

Nick had to admit she was pretty good, but it did help to have friends 
in the county police, obviously. She didn't pay any attention to the 
speed limits, and she ran at least two stop signs. Nick took a deep 
breath and settled back. He hoped it wasn't too far out to the farm.

"So, you think you're gonna enjoy spending the summer with us?" Betsy 
asked, sliding a little closer still. She put her hand on his knee. "I 
mean, being from Cleveland, you must be used to all kinds of wild life 
and fast times, and now here you are, sent down to the country to stay 
with us hicks? Think you'll ever find anything to amuse yourself while 
you're here? The county fair's not till August. And most all we ever do 
is hoe corn and spray the beans and milk the cows."

"Yeah," Becky said, making a sharp turn that sent Nick sprawling onto 
Betsy, "not a whole lot of fun around here. On the other hand, Nick--do 
you fuck by any chance?"

Nick sat up and gasped, turning to stare at Becky. She was looking back 
at him, her blue eyes pale and innocent, her moist pink lips curled in 
a smile.

"Well, do you?" Betsy asked, punctuating the question with a quick grab 
at Nick's crotch.

He jumped, made a soft yelping sound and turned toward his other 
cousin, who was giving him the same innocent-eyed stare as her fingers 
explored the shape of his cock. And under her touch, there was no 
longer any possibility of Nick's keeping his hard-on under control.

His cock got stiff the moment her fingers fell upon him, and the more 
she slid them up and down, tracing the bulging shape of his prick, the 
bigger that shape became.

"Well, damn," she said. "Look at this thing, Becky! I think they stole 
our cousin and sent us a Georgia mule instead!"

The truck was moving swiftly down a one-lane country road. High corn 
lined the road on either side. Nick's eyes kept darting downward to 
watch in disbelief as Betsy caressed the swollen lump of his jeans-
covered hard-on.

"Let me see it!" Betsy purred, leaning in to put a little kiss on her 
cousin's chin, then on his upper lip. It was an almost shy kind of 
kiss, as if she were bashful about brushing his mouth directly. Nick 
had kissed a few girls, of course, but he wasn't sure he was ready to 
French with his own cousin. But then their mouths did meet, and a spark 
of electrical energy seemed to explode inside him.

He grabbed Betsy's waist and tried to pull her on top of him while he 
sucked the breath from her body.

"Slow down!" she giggled. "We have plenty of time!"

She wriggled loose, and her fingers went to his fly. Staring into his 
eyes, she unzipped his pants and reached inside.

Nick groaned as she squeezed his prick. The thin layer of his shorts 
was the only thing separating her hand from his cock, and he could feel 
her heat vividly, despite the aroused throbbing that raced through his 
cock as Betsy toyed with it.

"You might play with something too," she said, and he got the message, 
lifting her T-shirt and baring her small, pink-pointed tits. He was 
right. She was tanned all over. His hands moved onto the soft but firm-
fleshed cones of her tits, and he fondled them wonderingly, feeling her 
body heave with a sigh of delight.

The truck came to a stop. Nick looked up and saw that they were parked 
in the midst of some oaks. Through a break in the trees, he could see 
cornfields stretching to the south and west, but the trees were thick 
and it was quiet.

Becky put her hand on Nick's head, turned him around to face her, and 
pressed her mouth to his, her tongue eager and active against his lips. 
He opened and she fucked her limber wet tongue into his mouth. The 
conical points of her braless tits, hard-nippled under the cling of her 
T-shirt, were hot as nails against his bare forearm. As she kept 
kissing, Becky raised her T-shirt and bared her tits. Nick glanced 
down. His mouth began to water for the taste of them.

"Uh, this is kinda cramped," he said, straining a little as the two 
cousins attacked him from either side. Becky was trying to get his cock 
out of Betsy's fist, and he looked down at the sight of two hands 
battling to get control of his prick.

"Well, let's stretch out, then," Becky said, leaning back but not 
attempting to cover her tits.

Nick let go of Betsy's tits and reached for her sister's. Becky leaned 
against the door and sighed, her eyes shut, her blonde hair swishing 
delicately. She arched her chest upward, forcing her round tits into 
Nick's hands.

"Ohhhhh!" Becky sighed, her hands atop his, pressing them down. "Feels 
so nice to have somebody else touching me! I get sooooo horny 
sometimes!"

Nick knew exactly what she meant. His cock was out of his shorts now, 
sticking up eight inches into the open air, and Betsy's hands were 
wrapped around it. She worked them up and down his cock, stroking him 
lightly but with occasional clenches that made her cousin groan softly 
from low in his guts. He was starting to grow afraid that he'd end up 
shooting off into her hand. The girls were making him too excited.

"Let's go outside," Becky said, moving Nick's hands off her tits. She 
opened the door and stumbled down to the ground.

Nick lurched after her, but was unable to move because Betsy was 
hanging onto his prick.

Becky stood by the side of the truck, just out of Nick's reach. She 
smiled like a Madonna as she peeled her T-shirt up and off. Her tits 
were marvelous. She cupped them, stroking the nipples with her 
fingertips as she smiled up at Nick. Then she unhooked her shorts and 
pushed them down her legs.

Under them she wore a pair of string panties, the kind he'd never 
guessed a farmgirl would know anything about. A dab of lacy fabric 
covered her pussy in the front. She turned and showed him the string 
that ran through the crack of her ass, baring everything but her 
shithole itself.

Leaning forward, her ass jutting upward, Becky looked back over her 
shoulder and pulled the string out of the way, giving him a quick 
glimpse of her cunt.

His cock throbbed in Betsy's clutching fist, and he could feel the jizz 
oozing out of it. His prick trembled and he thought he was going to 
come on Betsy's hand.

"Not so soon!" his cousin giggled, and she squeezed hard on his cock.

He gasped at the forcefulness, but the come-urge subsided. His prick 
remained rigid, but he breathed a little sigh of relief, positive now 
that he wasn't going to empty his balls at the very beginning of this 
delicious crazy experience.

"That's better," Betsy said. "We're both gonna need some of this big 
hard thing, and I just hope you can deliver, Cousin Nick!"

"I'll sure fuckin' try!" Nick panted, stretching his arm toward Becky, 
who still posed just out of reach of his questing fingers.

Becky wiggled her ass and slid her panties downward an inch or two at a 
time, Nick panted in anticipation, watching her charms come into view. 
His cock throbbed in Betsy's possessive fist.

Becky opened her legs when her panties were down to her knees, and she 
reached up from beneath, opening the snug lips of her cunt. Nick was 
licking his lips, watching the pink interior wink open and shut before 
his delighted eyes.

She didn't have a lot of hair on her pussy, and the smooth crease of 
her cuntgash was a delight to his eyes. Nick was dreaming, wide-awake, 
about the pleasures of Becky's pussy when he felt something wet touch 
his cock. Looking down in shock, he realized that Betsy was licking his 
prick.

She was down on the floor of the truck now, using her elbows to keep 
his legs open, and her tongue slid lazily up and down the stiffness of 
his prick.

"Tastes sooo good!" she moaned. "But then, don't they all?"

"I wouldn't know," Nick said softly, lifting his ass a little and 
pushing his cock toward her tongue. He put one hand on her head and 
urged her down on him. "Would you do that again, please?"

Becky was still flouncing around, and Nick glanced over at her. She had 
her pussy pealed open, and her fingertip was sliding through the crack. 
Nick gulped as he saw it ease into the mouth of her pink cunt. His own 
finger twitched responsively as he tried to imagine the heat, the 
wetness, the tightness of his delicious blonde cousin's little cunt. He 
heard Becky moan as she fingered herself more and more deeply, and Nick 
moaned too, feeling Betsy's tongue on the rigid length of his cock.

"Oh, I need more than my finger!" Becky groaned, working it deeply into 
herself.

Nick shivered, watching the girl's finger go deep and true into her 
tight cunt. God, was he gonna get the chance to put his cock where she 
had her finger? He hoped so, even though his prick felt just fine in 
the warm wet grip of his other cousin's mouth.

Betsy was sucking hard on Nick's cock. He'd never guessed what a 
blowjob might feel like. He hadn't really counted on the feel of teeth 
around his hard prick, though. But as Betsy took him into her mouth and 
sucked and chewed, it felt just absolutely perfect!

He looked down at her pretty face, at the intensity showing as she 
concentrated on her sucking. Her eyes were glittering as if they were 
on fire. The motion of her tongue on his prick told Nick that she loved 
what she was doing.

She licked around and around, moving his cock in and out of her pursed 
lips. Her teeth scraped him, but not too roughly. She knew what she was 
doing, all right! Her mouth was wet velvet, and his cock just got 
bigger and harder and hornier. Nick groaned and thrust, shoving cock 
deeper and deeper into her mouth, and she gurgled as she took all he 
could give her.

He looked at Becky. She was facing him, her hands gliding up and down 
the alluring curves of her nude body. He still couldn't decide which of 
his teen twin cousins was the cuter. Becky's tits jiggled 
breathtakingly as she diddled herself. She had both hands in her 
crotch, opening the gash, her fingers sliding in and out with the same 
impatient rhythm that Nick's cock showed moving into Betsy's mouth.

"Oh, don't I get some too?" Becky asked poutily, bobbing in place upon 
the fingers that reamed her pussy. "I'm getting sooooo horny!"

Nick knew exactly what she meant. And as much as he loved what Betsy 
was doing to his cock, he felt the most irresistible yearning to get 
his hands on his other cousin.

"Let's go outside," he said to Betsy. "I think Becky's getting 
lonesome."

The girls stripped him quickly, kissing each part of his body as it 
came into view. He felt like howling again when Becky lowered the back 
of his shorts and stuck her tongue straight up his asshole while Betsy 
was on her knees in front of him, sucking on his rigid cock. Becky 
spread his asscheeks and licked back and forth over the tingling, 
puckered knot of his shitter, teasing it with her tongue and fingers. 
She moved her face down and licked his balls, too.

Then it was his turn to strip Betsy. She had almost nothing on 
underneath, just a pair of white cotton panties with flowers on them. 
They looked more teenage than the sexy string panties Becky had been 
wearing, but he couldn't decide which looked better. Actually, both 
girls looked best of all with nothing on, and he was in a hurry to get 
Betsy naked too.

"We get so lonely," Betsy said as Nick sucked at her stiff-nippled 
tits, his hands caressing the provocative rounded sweetness of her 
young ass. "Daddy doesn't like for us to go out with boys or anything 
like that, and since he's a deputy sheriff, all the guys are afraid of 
him. Mmmm, looks like you're scared stiff, Cousin Nick! I think it's 
gonna be fun having you around for the summer."

"Let me suck it too!" Becky cried. "I'm a lot better than Betsy when it 
comes to sucking a big hard prick! I'll show you!"

She pushed her twin's foot out of the way and lay in the grass next to 
Nick. Her lips started at one of his knees and scurried up his thigh. 
Her hand moved slightly ahead of her mouth, and she squeezed on the 
swollen lump of his cock as her lips took possession of his balls. She 
sucked them into her juicy wet mouth, and he groaned in sheer pleasure.

Her tongue crawled up the underside of his cock, tracing the fat 
bulging veins. She licked up almost to the swollen cock-knob, then 
backed down the prickshaft for another round of teasing licks. Her 
fingers toyed with the prick-knob, squeezing it provocatively, each 
press causing another bubble of pre-cum to squirt from the slitted 
opening at his tip. Nick held onto Betsy's tits, moaning and squirming, 
saliva running from his lips as he looked down at Becky.

"Would you suck it, please?" he asked her, dying to feel her mouth 
engulf his prick. "Please?"

"He's so anxious!" Becky giggled, but she was a little anxious, too.

She slipped her plush wet lips over the end of Nick's prick and her 
mouth moved down the length of his cock, her cheeks and tongue 
combining to give him a magic massage. Nick's eyes almost popped out of 
his skull, feeling the sophisticated action of his young cousin's 
mouth.

"So big, too!" she murmured, coming back up, her lips warm and eager to 
plant lush kisses all over the cock-knob. "And delicious!"

Again she went down, swallowing his prick to the roots, and she sucked 
like a leech at the throbbing hard-on. Jesus fucking Christ!

Becky sucked cock as if she loved it. His prick got so stiff it hurt, 
and he'd thought he could never be stiffer than he had been ten minutes 
ago.

Nick's cock got bigger and bigger inside her mouth, and he was panting 
and thrusting deep into Becky's throat, totally aware that there was no 
way he could keep from pouring a huge load of spunk down her gullet. 
Soon!

He leaned forward, straddling Becky's chest. The tips of her hard-
nippled tits were hot against his ass, tickling him that much more. He 
stroked her head, twining his fingers through her silky blonde hair. 
She really was pretty, but she looked gorgeous with her eyes glowing 
and her mouth crammed full of cock. She was smiling as she sucked him, 
and it made Nick's balls ache like hell and swell monstrously as they 
clogged with the cum he was dying to squirt.

Then Betsy got behind him, her hands and mouth all over his bouncing 
bare ass as he fucked her twin's lips. She spread his asscrack, 
fingering him and licking his shitter, and Nick began to moan from deep 
in his guts. His moan rose into a howl. He knew he sounded like a 
coyote in heat, but he didn't give a shit. Betsy's tongue fucked in and 
out of his shitter, her hand cupped his jiggling balls and the length 
of his cock was buried in Becky's sucking throat.

He groaned loudly, and then his cock unloaded.

Becky gasped as her mouth filled with his spunk. He could hear her 
gurgling and gulping, drinking his load, and the fucky, slutty sounds 
seemed to send his balls into overtime. They churned and shuddered, and 
more of the hot jizz gushed from his cock, following the previous batch 
down Becky's gulping throat. She sucked, draining his cock, using her 
teeth on the squirting prick to make sure it stayed big and thick and 
hard against her lapping tongue.

"You slut!" he panted as Betsy stuck a finger up his ass.

Her finger went deep into his shitter, and it didn't feel nearly as 
weird or as bad as he had thought it would feel. In fact, the deeper 
she went, the more stiffness seemed to pulse and throb into his cock.

"Oh, God, that tasted so good!" Becky sighed, taking his prick out of 
her mouth and running her lips up and down the quivering prickshaft. 
"And now that we've said hello, Cousin Nick, would you be interest in 
fucking us?"



Chapter 2


He'd never been so interested in anything in his entire life! Nick slid 
off Becky's body, still hardly believing what had just happened to him.

The girls lay down side by side in the grass. He eyed them with 
wondering admiration. His prick was more than ready to do the job 
requested from it. His only problem was deciding which of the two girls 
to fuck first.

Becky slipped her arm around her sister, and the two girls eased their 
faces closer together.

As Nick watched, the twins kissed, Betsy's tongue sliding into her 
sister's mouth. She put her hand on Becky's tit, which was bigger but 
not necessarily prettier than her own. Her fingers stroked the hard 
nipple as her tongue worked in and out of Becky's mouth. It was a 
lascivious, arousing sight, and Nick's cock drooled pre-cum.

Nick knelt between Betsy's slim legs and touched her knees. Her thighs 
parted, and the gleam of her pink cunt showed amid the little curls of 
deep-blonde pussy hair. Her pussylips were dripping moisture, 
glistening pink. Nick touched her, opening her cunt and letting the tip 
of his finger enter his cousin's hot tight fuckhole.

She writhed and looked up.

"Oh, that does feel good," she said. "But I was thinking you might 
wanna put something bigger inside me, you know? Like that fat cock of 
yours, maybe?"

Becky giggled.

"Go ahead and fuck her," she said. "I think she's a better fuck than I 
am, but she can't suck a cock half as good as I do. Why don't you try 
us both out and tell us which is best?"

Nick Owens didn't have to be asked twice. The tip of his prick was 
swollen to the size of a doorknob. He moved into the accommodating 
spread of Betsy's thighs, and his more than eager cousin grabbed his 
cock, angling the prickhead downward into the split of her juice-
leaking cunt.

"Put it right here!" she whispered, her voice as silky as a French 
Teddy.

Her fingers guided the fattened cock up and down her pussy slit, 
soaking it in the moisture that oozed from her cunt, and then she eased 
it in her pussy mouth, and her hips moved as she sucked his prick 
straight up her hot, tight cunt.

"Ohhhhhh!" she moaned as Nick's cock sank deep into her pussy. He could 
feel her cunt come to life around him. Nick had always thought a pussy 
would feel hot and wet and tight around his prick, but he'd never even 
dreamed that it would feel as alive as Betsy's pussy did.

His body came down upon hers, Betsy's knees lifting to clutch at his 
sides. He went deeper, until his prick hit the bottom of her pussy 
tunnel, and she moaned beneath him, feeling the blunt aroused stirrings 
of his cock-knob against her womb.

"Oh, it's so big and hard!" she whined. "Just the way I like 'em!"

The snugness of her pussy massaged the horny length of his cock. Even 
without moving, his cock was getting an active workout inside Betsy.

Becky slid one long smooth leg across the back of Nick's thighs and the 
wet dribbling lips of her pussy touched his hip. She scooted closer, 
merging her sweet young body into the fuck her sister was getting, her 
hands sliding up and down Nick's body. She turned his face to hers so 
she could kiss him. He was sure he could taste his cum in her mouth, 
but it wasn't too bad. And anyway, she'd given him such a sweet hot 
sucking, it was the least he could do to thank her.

"We don't do this with just anybody," Becky whispered. "But we knew 
you'd be special as soon as we heard you were coming to see us. Betsy 
and I both had crushes on you when we were little. Wasn't it too bad we 
were too young to know about stuff like this?"

"We'll make up for it now, though," Betsy said, swiveling her hips 
slightly and making her pussy do a breathtaking gulp-and-swallow on 
Nick's hard cock. His eyes rolled in their sockets, just the way her 
hot ass was rolling beneath him, and he began to fuck his prick into 
his cousin's cunt.

"Yes, yes, oh, shit, yes!" Betsy moaned under him, her cunt getting 
wetter, tighter and hotter each time his prick fucked into her. The 
yielding softness of her pussy enfolded him like a glove, and steam 
seemed to bathe his cock.

Becky was atop him now, grinding her pussy-bush against his pumping 
ass. He was lost in a sea of flesh. Betsy wanted to be kissed, and her 
mouth seemed to guzzle him in. Becky's hot cunt rubbed insistently 
against his ass. He could feel the hardness of her clit scraping his 
flesh, and he could feel the moisture oozing from her cunt, leaking 
onto his skin.

"Oooohhh, I'm coming!" Betsy moaned, her legs clutching hard at him 
while her pussy rippled along his cock. She squealed and panted and her 
eyes rolled over in their sockets, a river of drool running from the 
corner of her mouth.

Her body shook and quivered under his, and the only thing he could 
think of to do was to keep on fucking her with his rigid cock. Each 
stroke seemed to heighten her response.

Becky's arms were around his neck. She bit his ear and chewed his neck. 
She kept on squirming against him, masturbating her hot pussy on his 
ass.

Nick pulled his cock out of Betsy, and somehow he fought Becky off his 
back. The fresh-fucked little blonde cousin lay writhing on the grass, 
her hands busy on her cunt. Becky lay on her side next to him, also 
frigging herself, as Nick turned over to face her.

She put her hand on his shoulder and slid her cunt closer, opening the 
slash eagerly. His cock was rigid, and she grabbed it, bringing the 
fuckmeat to her wet pussyhole.

"Fuck me hard," she said. "I want it like an animal!"

His fuck-raw, swollen cock-knob bruised her cuntlips. She lifted her 
leg and her pussy opened wide, then Nick thrust with his hips, fucking 
into her.

"Ahhhhh!" Becky moaned, moving her leg over and around him, pulling her 
body close to his.

She leaned back with her upper body, her tits jiggling excitedly, while 
she took his cock inside her juicy fuckhole. Nick hardly had to move. 
Becky was doing all the work.

"Suck my tits while you fuck me," Becky said, and Nick was only too 
eager to do it. She had great tits! Her ass was a little skinnier than 
Betsy's, but her pussy was just as tight, and it was doing evil, 
lustful things to his throbbing cock. He liked that a hell of a lot.

His lips worked her swollen pink nipples. They were as fat as the tip 
of his cock, and he got some idea of how his big-knobbed cock must have 
felt lying on her tongue while she sucked for his jizz. He wouldn't 
have minded some juice squirting from her tits into his mouth, but the 
natural taste of her fresh, sweet tits was stimulation enough for him. 
And she seemed to enjoy it too.

Nick got a few strokes of his own into the fuck, but Becky was still in 
charge, and that was okay with him. After all, it was his first fuck, 
and it helped to have experienced teachers.

Becky pulled back, letting his cock slip out.

"Let me play with it," she said.

She stroked her cunt with his hard hot cock-knob, soaking it again in 
the juicy goo that leaked from her cuntlips. She peeled back the 
foreskin and rubbed her clit with the glistening tip of Nick's cock, 
closing her eyes and moaning with pleasure as hot cunty sensations 
spread through her body from the abrasive contact.

"Now dog-fuck me!" she moaned, moving onto her knees.

Her ass stuck up, her thighs parted to display the wet pink slice of 
pussy amid the tufts of golden hair, and Nick found himself moving into 
place behind her. He thrust hard and the end of his cock slipped back 
into Becky's pussy.

The angle was different. He seemed to be fucking new parts of her juicy 
cunt, and the moans and whimpers that came from her mouth were new 
notes of delight and pleasure.

Betsy was on her knees beside them. She wanted to be kissed, and she 
wanted her tits sucked, too. Nick had to lean far down to get his mouth 
around her nipples, but the effort was worth it. Her hand toyed with 
his ass as he fucked her sister, and he was half-afraid she might stick 
her finger up his shitter again. The very thought made his asshole 
clench, half in alarm, half in anticipation, but instead she just 
cradled his balls in her palm and used the pressure to tell him when 
she wanted him to fuck her sister especially deep, especially hard.

"You should stick it up her ass!" she whispered. "She's never done it 
that way, but I have, and I bet she'd like it a whole lot!"

"I would not!" Becky gasped. "Just because you're a kinky slut, doesn't 
mean I am too!"

"Yes it does!" Betsy giggled. "Oooohh, Cousin Nick, you sure know how 
to fuck a girl with that big sweet prick! Oh, and it's gonna be so much 
fun while you're here! I bet those big-city girls in Cleveland have 
taught you things about fucking and sucking that Becky and I couldn't 
even begin to guess about. You've gotta teach all of it to us before 
you go back home!"

She emphasized her words by clenching her hand on Nick's balls. He 
gasped and groaned, struggling not to come, but he was on a short 
string and Betsy's fingers on his balls were not doing a thing to help 
him stay in control.

But before he could come, he felt Becky's cunt clench around his prick, 
just like her sister's had, and the teenager was thrilled beyond 
imagining to realize that he had made both of his hot cousins scream in 
orgasm.

He gripped Becky's asscheeks and slammed his prick into her, 
accentuating the rippling explosion of her orgasm. He slapped her ass 
and she squealed again, her pussy clenching around his pounding prick. 
Beside him, Betsy giggled girlishly, squeezing herself tightly against 
Nick's hard young body.

She reached down to touch his cock as it continued to fuck her sister's 
pussy.

"Take it out and let me see you come," she said, tugging at his prick.

Quickly, he yanked his cock out of Becky's creaming cunt. Betsy filled 
her hand with the swollen lump of prick and stroked it quickly, her 
excitement obvious.

"Now!" she cried. "Squirt it now!"

Her fist closed hard on his cock. She yanked it, and Nick almost 
screamed. The squirt of cum raced like fire up his cock, and his 
initial gush splattered the cleft of Becky's split, pink cunt.

"Wheeeee!" Betsy shrieked, milking him, eager to empty her cousin's 
cock. Squirt after squirt of jizz gushed from Nick's cock, drenching 
Becky's ass and pussy.

Still holding Nick's prick, Betsy reached down with her other hand to 
massage the milky white cum into Becky's flesh. Her fingers were coated 
with the stuff. Winking at Nick, she brought them to her lips and 
tasted his spunk. "Mmmmm!" she moaned. "I think having you around for 
the summer is gonna be fun for all of us!"

And then she leaned down and began to lick Nick's spilled cum off her 
sister's ass and pussy, her tongue slipping from time to time into 
Becky's wet pussy. Nick found himself getting excited all over again, 
and wondering if they had time to fuck at least once more before 
finishing the drive to the farm.

*   *   *

It was almost six before they got back to the farm. Becky made up a 
breezy story about having given Nick the grand tour of Hardin County 
before bringing him to the home place, and Aunt Jen seemed to buy it 
hook, line, and sinker. Nick's cock was aching from the workout his 
cousins had given him, and for almost the first time in his young life, 
he was looking forward to crawling into bed and going to sleep.

Aunt Jen had supper ready--a big country meal centered around fresh 
chicken stew, with dumplings. In spite of the wild sex he'd been turned 
on to by her daughters, Nick still found himself sneaking peeks at Aunt 
Jen as she served up the meal.

She was his dad's older sister, two years older than Nick's father, but 
in spite of having spent most of her life as a farm woman, she didn't 
look a great deal older than her daughters, nor much older than the 
last time Nick had seen her, years and years ago. Five-eight and thin, 
with full firm tits that jiggled ever so slightly inside her shirt, and 
jeans that fit snug but not trashy to her round ass and long legs, Aunt 
Jean was a blonde knockout.

Nick felt a little guilty when he thought about why he'd come down to 
the farm, especially when Aunt Jen smiled at him, but he was only doing 
what he had to do--what his dad had asked. Still, he wished his dad had 
asked someone else.

Uncle Bob wasn't home for supper. He was on afternoon shift, cruising 
the highways. Nick was a little happy about that. Uncle Bob was a mean-
looking guy, the epitome of the southern peace officer, and Nick wasn't 
at all sure he was up to confronting his uncle after what he and his 
uncle's daughters had spent two juicy hours doing in the woods. 
Something told him Uncle Bob wouldn't find it at all acceptable, and 
even though he was almost a grown-up, Nick still remembered how 
imposing and scary Uncle Bob had been when Nick was a kid.

"So how's your dad's divorce coming along?" Aunt Jen asked, 
interrupting Nick's thoughts.

He blushed. His dad was in the midst of divorcing Nick's second 
stepmom. Cloris was a real cunt. There was no other word for her. The 
only thing Nick was sorry about was that he had never been able to fuck 
her. On the other hand, he was apparently one of the few guys in 
Cleveland who hadn't, though so far his dad was having a hard time 
finding the proof.

Nick just shrugged.

"Barney had the worst taste in women," Aunt Jen said. "Except for your 
mom, he's had a real talent for finding losers. I feel so sorry for 
him."

*   *   *

They'd fixed up a room for Nick in the attic. It was hot, but there was 
a fan to cool it down a little, and he stripped down to his shorts, 
lying atop the brass bed. As he lay there in the darkness, he was 
reliving everything that had happened since the bus pulled to a stop at 
the Rocksburg station, and without even a nudge from his hands, his 
cock began to stiffen.

He closed his eyes in the darkness and imagined Becky's mouth wrapped 
around his prick. He knew he'd feel that lush steaminess on his cock 
again before his summer stay was over.



Chapter 3


He was dreaming about Betsy licking Becky's cunt, eating the spilled 
dribbles of his sticky cum off the fragrant pink pussy. It was as clear 
and as juicy as if it were happening all over again, right in front of 
him.

Nick stirred in his sleep and found his dream changing into a mental 
image of his cock being swallowed up in Becky's warm mouth. If there 
was anything better than watching Betsy lick Becky's cunt, it had to be 
the feel of his cock slithering into Becky's gulping, hungry throat. He 
could even feel her teeth on him, grinding passionately at the hardness 
of his cock while her tongue lolled and slurped around his stiff prick 
and her throat gulped him again and again.

"Oh, yeah!" he sighed in his sleep, and again he felt the teeth, more 
real than any dream had a right to be.

His eyes opened, and he was suddenly aware that the room was filled 
with the gray light of dawn and his cock was stuffed inside Becky's 
mouth as she lay across his bed, eating his prick in horny, hungry 
swallows.

"Good morning, Cousin Nick!" the pretty blonde said, raising her mouth 
from his achingly erect cock. "Did you have a nice night?"

Almost immediately, and without waiting for him to answer, she worked 
her lips back down over his prick, swallowing it whole again. He 
groaned, feeling his cock disappear into her mouth. She was holding his 
balls in one small hand, squeezing them just enough to make his cock 
stab a little deeper into her mouth, her throat opening to take it 
deep.

Her other hand was between her legs, teasing her pussy while she sucked 
him. Again Becky looked up, her blue eyes almost colorless in the gray 
morning light.

"Why don't we do it to each other at the same time?" she suggested. "I 
bet those girls in the city have showed you things about eating pussy 
that I've never even dreamed of! I've had some pretty wild dreams about 
that kind of stuff!"

Without missing a suck, she wiggled her body around and moved her 
crotch onto his chest. Her legs were spread, and he could see her cunt 
crack shining amid her pussy hairs. He grabbed Becky's ass and moved 
his face toward his cousin's glistening cuntslit.

She moaned around his cock as he began to lick her. He didn't know what 
he was doing, but he hoped it didn't show too much.

He opened her cuntlips and eased his tongue into the moistness within. 
She tasted as if she'd stopped off for a piss on her way up to his 
room, but it wasn't bad at all. He spread her a little wider and let 
his tongue go deeper into Becky's cunt. She moaned and wriggled as he 
explored her, and she got really excited when he brought his tongue 
back to lick the bud of her clit.

Becky's mouth was busy on his prick, thrilling him so much he could 
hardly pay attention to what he was doing. But the plush smoothness of 
her asscheeks as his fingers stroked and glided across them was a real 
pleasure, and so was the aroused smell of her juicing cunt. He found 
himself licking more and more hungrily, sliding his tongue up her pussy 
and pulling out to drool the mixture of his saliva and her pussy-juices 
onto her flesh, then licking it off again.

The pink button of her asshole was a magical mystery. He spread her 
asscheeks, watching the tiny pink opening dilate, then clamp shut again 
and again.

Nick soaked his tongue in Becky's wet cunt, then brought it up to slide 
across the splayed bud of her shitter. She squirmed and groaned around 
his throbbing cock, his prickhead shoving halfway down her gulping 
throat.

He put his thumbs inside the crack of her ass and spread her asscheeks 
as far as he could, the hole stretching wonderfully before his 
delighted eyes. His wet tongue moved into her asshole, penetrating 
Becky with a quick, hungry stroke.

"Oh, God, you are so filthy!" his cousin gasped, releasing his cock 
long enough to speak.

"Would you do that again, Nick, honey? Lick me where I shit, just one 
more time, okay?"

How could he refuse when she asked so nice? And when she tasted so--
interesting! He flexed his thumbs in her asscrack, opening her little 
asshole widely, and once more he stuffed his tongue into Becky's 
shitter.

"Oooohhh, it's sooo exciting!" she moaned. "Makes me feel so hot, too!"

Her mouth moved down over his cock again, gulping it straight in to the 
balls. She used her teeth on him, gnawing his hard prick, drowning it 
in the saliva that flowed from her mouth. She made slurping, pig-like 
noises as she sucked, and the sounds only made Nick's cock get that 
much harder inside Becky's mouth. He was thrusting up into her face, 
though she didn't need any cooperation on his part. She could handle 
the job all by herself.

He remembered something Betsy had said in the woods, and he decided to 
get a little nastier with Becky. His tongue glided back down to the 
hard, peanut-like bud of her clit, and he stuck his finger into the 
pussy he had already fucked and licked. The muscles clamped down, 
milking his digit, sucking it in, pushing it out, then sucking it back 
home again. He thrust and fucked into her pussy, crooking his finger 
from time to time and scratching inside of her hot cunt.

Her juices oozed from the cunt and dripped into the palm of his hand, 
all hot and musky smelling. She was pulsating atop him, and the things 
she was doing to his cock with her mouth were straight out of his 
wettest wet dream.

He pulled his finger out of Becky's clenching cunt and pushed it 
against her tight asshole. She made a squealing sound as she felt it 
enter, but she didn't clamp up and try to stop it from getting in. She 
just moaned around her mouthful of rigid prick and wiggled her ass 
around on his probing finger.

He fingered her super-tight shitter, moaning a little as he felt the 
heat and tightness surround his finger. A fart-like aroma wafted into 
the air, but he didn't even mind that. His fingers was fucking in and 
out of his cousin's shitter, moving with exertion because she was so 
tight, and the motion made the young blonde's body quiver.

She was swallowing his cock whole now, and trying to get his balls in 
her mouth at the same time. He strained beneath her, fucking up into 
her hot wet mouth and feeling the sex-heat so strongly that he was 
fucking his finger almost viciously into her shitter while he flogged 
her clit with his tongue. The juices oozed from her fuckhole. He shoved 
his face up into her cunt-slit while he kept on fingerfucking her 
shitter, and he drowned in Becky's funky pussyjuice.

But he was also going to die if he didn't get to squirt his cum, and 
the only place he wanted to blow his load was down Becky's gulping 
throat. There was something hot and sexy about coming in a girl's 
mouth. The idea had always lurked just beneath the surface of Nick's 
fantasies, and yesterday afternoon he'd learned that it really was all 
he'd imagined it might be--and more. Now he needed to do it again.

Suddenly he heard the sound of a voice calling his name.

"Oh, shit!" he whispered, shoving Becky off him. "It's your dad!"

His blonde cousin flopped completely off the bed, her golden hair 
hanging in front of her face.

"Jesus!" she gasped. "Tell him to wait a minute!"

Becky moved across the floor to the window, clambering out head-first. 
She must have entered his room the same way, he figured.

Nick pulled the sheet up, very much aware that he was totally naked 
under it and that his cock was sticking straight up. Just as he got 
himself relatively decent, the door opened and his Uncle Bob came 
through, into the attic bedroom.

When he was a kid, Nick had always seen Uncle Bob as a huge man. Now, 
at eighteen, standing almost six feet, Nick still found his uncle 
enormous and imposing. Bob Kendall was wearing his deputy sheriff's 
uniform, and his thumbs were hooked in the belt that contained a 
holstered handgun nearly as big as he was.

"Well," Bob Kendall said, "I guess you're awake. We get up early here 
on the farm, boy. If you're gonna spend the summer, you'll have some 
chores to take care of, so you might as well be up and at 'em. Sorry I 
missed you last night, but I have my shift to work and I'm just coming 
in from it now. Thought I'd come up and say hello. Well, aren't you 
going to get up and shake hands?"

Almost white with dread, Nick eased toward the edge of the bed, fully 
conscious that his cock was still erect. He held the sheet in front of 
him as long as he could, but it was clearly up to him to come to Uncle 
Bob, and not the other way around. Oh, fuck! Nick thought, sliding from 
beneath the sheet and standing up, his prick aimed at the ceiling.

"Damn," he said. "I wake up like this almost every morning nowadays."

He laughed, hoping Uncle Bob would join in.

Uncle Bob just nodded.

"Yeah," he said, "I guess you're a big boy now, right, son? Grown some 
since the last time we had a family reunion."

Nick nodded in agreement. He felt tiny facing his uncle.

"And," Bob said, "I expect you've noticed that my girls have grown up 
too, haven't you? You bein' a boy and all, you'd be bound to notice 
something like that. Well, son, I just want you to know that if I ever 
find you bringing that thing around my little girls, I'll have no 
choice but to take this gun and blow your goddamn cock right off. Do I 
make myself clear?"

He extended his hand, and Nick took it. His hand was dwarfed by the 
size of his uncle's massive fist. Uncle Bob squeezed, and Nick felt his 
hard-on diminishing. It was the first time he'd ever been happy to see 
a hard-on go away.

"Yeah," he said, "you're pretty clear. But I wouldn't ever--"

"Well, I'm going to sack-in," Bob Kendall said, releasing Nick's hand. 
"If you want to start earning your board, you might try painting the 
chickenhouse. Your aunt will show you where the stuff is. It'll make a 
good morning's work for you. And remember what I told you."

"Yes, sir," Nick said gloomily. His uncle went out, closing the door 
behind him. Nick listened to the heavy footsteps descending the stairs.

"We have to be real quiet now!" Becky whispered, and Nick almost jumped 
out of his skin at the sound of her voice. "Daddy's and Mom's room is 
right beneath this one. You may have to stuff a rag in my mouth when I 
come. You know what a screamer I can be. Don't worry, daddy just talks 
about shooting boys' cocks off! He's never done it yet!"

"Has he ever caught a boy with his cock inside one of you girls?" Nick 
asked, but by then Becky was upon him.

She covered his mouth with kisses and pulled him onto his bed. He 
winced at the creak of the bed springs. But her hand was on his cock 
while her tongue was in her mouth, her tits bare and pointy-nippled 
against his chest, and he felt his prick getting stiff all over again. 
He thrust inside the warm grip of her fist, and suddenly he was as 
randy and hard as he'd been before.

"We gotta hurry!" he whispered to Becky. "And the bed makes too much 
noise!"

Up against the wall, then, motherfucker," Becky said. She twirled away 
from him, her beautiful ass a round glistening invitation to follow.

Becky pressed her luscious little tits against the wall and stuck out 
her ass with a come-on wiggle. Her legs were spread, and Nick stood 
behind her, his hands rubbing up and down across the split, blonde-
haired bun of her cunt. The moistness inside her was as juicy as it had 
been on his tongue. His finger entered her quickly and easily.

She moaned as he finger-fucked her hot wet cunt, and her body pulsated 
with promise. His cock thumped heavily against her ass. She reached 
back to take hold of it.

"Why don't you put this where you have your finger?" she asked.

He nuzzled her cunt with the throbbing tip of his prick. She was more 
than wet enough to take it.

"Oh, yes, fuck me!" his cousin moaned, and Nick thrust up and in. He 
filled her pussy with the swollen lump of cock, and she gave a mewling 
cry of delight. It sounded like a shrill scream to his sensitized ears, 
so he clamped his hand over her mouth.

She didn't seen to mind him holding her mouth. Her lips were moist 
under his fingers, and he felt her tongue come out and lick at him. Her 
saliva drooled onto his flesh, and her pussy-juice coated his thrusting 
cock.

"Yes, yes!" she murmured under the pressure of his palm. "Oh, I love it 
when you fuck me hard, Nicky!"

He fucked her hard, ramming his cock up into the squishy hot tightness 
of her juicy cunt. The end of her pussy blocked his thrusts, but he 
kept on shoving, and she squirmed and moaned and writhed with each 
stab, using her pussy muscles to milk his cock. Even if her daddy made 
threats, it was obvious she'd had a lot of practice getting fucked. 
Nick didn't feel quite so doomed as he appreciatively fucked his sweet 
cousin's pussy.

She came two or three times. He could feel her pussy exploding around 
his cock, but he'd gotten a second wind thanks to the interruption from 
Uncle Bob, and he felt as if his cock might stay hard forever. He kept 
on fucking his prick into Becky throughout her orgasm, fucking her to 
another and yet another. She squirmed more and more, and she was 
moaning harder now, as if her cunt was growing raw from the relentless 
driving pressure of his hard prick.

"Ohhhhh!" she wailed, the cry seeping through his fingers. "Hurts soooo 
good!"

He fucked her cunt again, and again he felt the climax bubble inside 
her. The milking ripples of her excited pussy were sucking his cock to 
a frenzy, and his strokes grew shorter but harder still, just two or 
three inches of his rigid cock actually in motion within Becky, but 
each stroke smacking the end of her pussyhole. He wondered whether her 
womb or his balls could hold out much longer.

She began to whimper again, and the cry turned almost into a rising 
howl. Nick fucked her faster, loving the sound of the orgasmic noise, 
but knowing that it was too easy for his uncle to overhear.

He squeezed down on Becky's mouth, cutting off her cry, and an idea 
struck him. He jerked his cock out of her cunt and turned her around. 
The blonde sank to her ass on the floor, and Nick straddled her, 
stuffing his pussy-soaked prick into her open, moaning mouth. She 
gurgled and moaned around his cock, but then she started to suck, and 
now Nick was the one who felt like howling.

He braced his elbows against the wall and face-fucked Becky, filling 
her hungry mouth with stroke after hard stroke of his swollen, cum-
bloated cock. She gulped and ate him down, her teeth gnawing at the 
very root of his prick in an effort to get more of it inside her lips.

At the last minute, he yanked free and sprayed her face with his cum. 
She giggled, closing her eyes against the stinging liquid, and she took 
his load like an angel, playing with the huge splatters of sticky spunk 
that coated her pretty face.

"You're so dirty," she said, sucking her fingers dry. "I like that in a 
man! Mmmmm, and you made me come so good, too, Nick! God, why didn't we 
learn these fun games earlier? Remember when we just used to play 
softball together? Nothing soft about these balls!"

Then she squeezed his balls, the pressure causing one last bubbly 
squirt of juice to ooze from the tip of his prick. It dangled from the 
bulbous purple cock-knob, and Becky extended her tongue. The spidery 
trail of jism drooped lower, until it touched her tongue. She sucked it 
in and smiled.

"Now," she said, sliding her fist up and down his softening, cum-sticky 
cock, "you better get some breakfast and take care of your chores. 
Betsy and I flipped a coin to see who got first crack at you this 
morning, and I won, but if she doesn't get some of that cock in her 
pussy by noontime, she's gonna be one mean little bitch. Eat a big 
breakfast, Cousin Nick--you're gonna' need all your strength!"

She picked up her discarded nightie from the floor, slipped into it, 
and crawled back out the window.



Chapter 4


Nick was up the ladder, working the paintbrush, when a hand groped up 
between his thighs and copped a quick feel of his cock.

"Hiya," Betsy said, halfway up the ladder.

Nick was wearing cutoff jeans and she was playing with the hair on his 
legs, but her eyes were staring at the bulge of his crotch. "You got 
something for me, Nick?"

Nick flushed. He motioned with his head toward the upstairs window. He 
already knew--he'd made it his business to find out--that it was his 
uncle's bedroom, and Uncle Bob was still up there. The air was quiet, 
and Nick was in no mood to play games, not even with Betsy, if the 
price might be a bullet in his balls.

"Oh!" Betsy gasped. She held onto the ladder with one hand and flipped 
her T-shirt up with the other, flashing her tits at Nick. His mouth 
watered at the sight of them. His lips pursed automatically, but he 
shook his head.

"Daddy's never shot anybody," Betsy said. She let her shirt drop into 
place, but she put her hand back on Nick's cock-bulge, and it got 
bigger from the pressure of her fingers.

"Do you think it's possible to suck somebody off on a ladder?" she 
asked, reaching for his zipper. "I'm so fuckin' hot and bothered from 
listenin' to Becky tell me about all the naughty things you did to her 
this morning. Isn't it my turn, Cousin Nicky? Don't I get some more of 
that big sweet cock?"

Her hand was on his prick, rubbing, stroking. He was getting hard. She 
looked up, lust glowing in her pale blue eyes.

"Mmmm, it's getting bigger, too!" she whispered. "I bet it wants me 
even more than I want it!"

Again she reached for his fly. Nick knew that he couldn't tell her no, 
not even if it meant landing his ass in the hospital. His cock was 
dribbling pre-cum into his shorts and his balls twitched lustfully.

He closed his eyes and relished the caress of her hand. Suddenly she 
hit him hard, and his cock wilted immediately.

"Damn bee!" Betsy said. "He almost got you, too! Oh, Daddy! How come 
you're making Nicky paint this damned old chickenhouse anyway? These 
bees will sting him to death!"

"It's okay," Nick said throatily. "Anyway, I'm almost done. I'm a fast 
worker, Uncle Bob!"

Betsy giggled as she stepped down the ladder. "Real fast," she said. 
And she winked up at Nick before she moved along.

*   *   *

It was two o'clock, and the girls were bushed, literally and 
figuratively. They'd done their chores, and now they were ready to 
play. They knew how to play together, but it was always more fun with a 
new face in the game.

"Ooooh, look!" Becky cried, pointing.

Betsy was standing at the edge of the swimming hole, just starting to 
take off her clothes. Her twin was already in the water.

"Is it Nick?" Betsy asked.

"No, over there," Becky said. "See? Daddy must be on his way out."

The patrol car's red bank of lights was visible, half a mile away, on 
the road that led around the far end of the valley. "Think he's using 
the binoculars?" Betsy asked. "Well, I guess he's stopped, so he must 
be."

"Yeah," Becky said, coming up out of the water, golden naked. She 
stretched and turned, fully conscious of how good she looked.

The car was hidden among the trees at the other end of the valley, but 
the girls couldn't mistake the gleam of the sun on the red lights. 
Betsy peeled out of her shirt, then dropped her pants. "Do you think he 
knows we know he watches us?"

"I don't even care if he knows," Becky said. "Let's give him a real 
thrill, okay, Sis'? C'mere. Ooohhh, you feel so good!"

She put her arms around her sister and rubbed her wet naked body 
against Betsy's dry but equally hot frame.

"I like to do this," Betsy said. "But to know that Daddy's watching us 
makes me soooo fucking hot!"

Their mouths melted together, and their tits rubbed hotly. Becky's 
hands slid down her sister's back, cupped the fine rounded swells of 
Betsy's ass.

Betsy's tongue entered Becky's mouth. Becky's tongue paid back the 
compliment. Becky got her thigh into her twin's crotch and rubbed the 
smooth wet limb along the fuzz-dotted crease of her sister's cunt.

Betsy cupped her twin's cunt, working her hand into the softness of the 
blonde-furred crotch and taking a handful of delicious pussy. She 
slipped a finger into Becky and wiggled it around, stirring up the hot 
teen's pussy, feeling the throb of response in her own cunt with each 
fresh stroke she gave her sister. They were twins, like two halves of 
the same organism. Even if she hadn't gotten to fuck Nick this morning, 
Betsy had lived every moment of it through her twin, and she could 
almost taste the gush of Nick's cum-flavored cock, squirting cum into 
her own mouth as it had gushed into Becky.

Slowly, the two girls settled onto their knees, still kissing, still 
touching one another in all the most sensitive places. Becky was 
humping up and down on her twin's finger, and her pussy was a live nest 
around the inserted digit, milking and quivering and sucking.

"You're even more of a cunt than usual," Betsy said, working her finger 
in and out. "Is it because Daddy's watching?"

"It does turn me on," Becky said, using her cunt like a hot wet mouth 
on her twin's finger.

She squirmed down, swallowing it whole, and she milked it with her 
aroused muscles, oozing fuck juice into the hollow of Betsy's caressing 
hand. She opened her mouth for more kissing, and she let the stiffened, 
lust-hard nipples of her ripe young tits scrape lusciously against 
Betsy's equally hard tit-buds. She fondled her sister's smooth firm 
ass, her fingers entering the crack, attacking her shitter and pussy 
from behind.

"There," she said, sliding a finger into Betsy's asshole. Her sister 
groaned and jabbed furiously with her own finger up Becky's cunt. "You 
get off on that stuff, don't you, Betsy?"

Her finger pushed in and out, dilating the tight tingly hole, and 
Betsy's body throbbed a reply in vivid fashion against Becky's.

"Suck my tits," Becky said. "You'd do that even if daddy wasn't 
watching, you slut!"

Betsy giggled and went down on her sister's tits, licking the nipples 
till they sparkled, then taking them into her mouth for hungry sucking. 
Becky lay back in the grass, Betsy moving with her. Becky's knees were 
up, and her pussy was stuffed full of fingers. She fed her tits into 
Betsy's mouth, purring and sighing like a dove as the sucking became 
sweeter, harder. Her cunt pissed out streams of pussy juice and the 
fingers squished, going in and out. Becky squirmed hotly in the grass, 
much warmer than the summer sun that blazed down from above.

Betsy moved her face down Becky's body, toward the beckoning thatch of 
pond-dampened, cuntjuice-soaked pussyhair. She inhaled the funky aroma 
of her sister's hot cunt, then replaced her fingers with her tongue. 
Betsy angled her head down into Becky's crotch, growing more and more 
excited by the smell and taste of ripe hot cunt. The fact that their 
father was sitting in his cruiser gripping his binoculars with one hand 
and stroking his hard big cock with the other hand was exciting too, of 
course. To think that their own father was so interested in the 
developing sexuality of their hot ripe young bodies was a thrill to 
both girls.

"How come guys don't eat pussy as good as girls?" Becky asked.

Betsy was fucking her tongue in and out and was too busy to answer.

"Even Nick isn't that hot at it," Becky said, getting her hand back 
into her twin's crotch. She played with the slippery wet cuntlips, the 
tufts of gold hair, the hard clit, and then she put her finger into 
Betsy's cunt, stabbing deep and hard. "I bet Daddy would be a real 
hound for my pussy!"

"I bet he'd like to," Betsy said with a giggle. "Now how about you give 
me a little, too, bitch?"

Becky pulled her twin atop her. She glanced past Betsy's ass, sighting 
the red lights of the cruiser parked in the distant patch of woods. I 
hope you're enjoying this, Daddy! she thought, settling her sister's 
cunt down onto her face.

She slid her tongue into the lightly furred groove, delving into the 
pussy for a taste of fuckjuice. Betsy's flesh was warm and vibrant. 
Becky licked the sweat off her sister's cunt and ate the drippings from 
within. Betsy's head bobbed down in Becky's crotch, feeding with an 
equal hunger.

Becky was aware almost constantly of her father's eyes upon her, of the 
curiosity, the arousal that must be burning inside him. But he'd never 
laid a finger on them. She found that odd. His interest had created a 
burning curiosity inside Becky as well, and she often found herself 
wondering what kind of cock her father had, and how it would feel 
shoved into her tight wet pussyhole. He was such a big man. Did he also 
have a big prick? Maybe she should do some spying and find out.

Her tongue slithered up and down Betsy's pussycrack. Her twin's cunt 
was getting tastier and tastier with the continued licking. She kissed 
Betsy's clit, then pulled it with her lips, sucking until the quivery 
button trembled and a fresh gush of fuckjuice poured from Betsy's cunt 
onto Becky's face.

She squeezed her twin's asscheeks, her fingers digging into the round 
globes. Becky spread her sister's asscheeks, exposing the tight 
tenderness of her twin sister's asshole. She had always found asshole 
stuff a little kinky and disgusting, but Betsy loved to have hers 
played with, and she gave a much better blowjob when her own needs were 
attended to. Becky lifted her head and applied her tongue to the tingly 
ring of Betsy's shitter, licking it.

She pulled harder, until the hole opened up and then she pushed the tip 
of her tongue into it. Her tongue fucked deeper, and Betsy let out a 
quivering sigh.

Then she put her finger into it while her tongue went back to the 
pussycrack. Betsy squirmed a bit wildly, but she didn't let up on her 
oral attention to her twin's cunt. She had the cuntlips spread and was 
sloshing her tongue through the cuntcrack, returning again and again to 
the hard button of Becky's cut.

"Ooooohhhh, fuck my hot little asshole!" Becky gasped excitedly, 
thrusting her hips back to swallow her sister's probing finger. She 
wiggled her butt, making her muscles clench and quiver around Becky's 
digit. "I bet Daddy's cock is as hard as my clit!"

Panting like an overheated dog, Becky thrust her finger into her 
sister's gulping asshole. Her teeth gnawed at Betsy's cunt until it 
spilled juice like a river into her mouth, and her own pussy was 
creaming just as feverishly. She felt Betsy come, tasted the spurting 
frenzy as her tongue pierced her twin's cunt, and she shoved her finger 
all the way home and kept it there, wiggling the tip deep inside 
Betsy's shitter. An orgasm raced through her own pussy, and she humped 
her joy into Betsy's face, moaning responsively as her twin's tongue 
licked her raw.

"Now!" she moaned. "Now let's do it the way I like!"

The twins broke apart, but only for a moment.

Moving like athletes, they eased into the position Becky was 
anticipating. Each holding the other's hands, the girls brought their 
cunts together, their legs entwined. Wet cunt kissed wet cunt, and 
their clits throbbed in horny unison.

"Oh, fuck me, Betsy!" Becky groaned as she began to hump her sister's 
pussy with her own.

It wasn't really fucking--there was no hard cock slamming into either 
hot tight young cunt--but the rhythm was there, and the excitement of 
body bumping body. Jolts of energy shot through each pussy, and Becky 
could feel the touch of her sister's hard clit. Pussyjuice drooled from 
one tight blonde-furred cunt into the other as the cunts bumped again 
and again.

Becky felt the onset of another climax, and she sighed. Her heart gave 
a jolt--and somehow she knew that at this very moment, their daddy, 
half a mile away in his cruiser, was climaxing too.

Betsy came explosively.

"Oh, fuck, yessss!" Becky moaned, pumping her pussy one last time 
against her twin.

*   *   *

Nick missed the girls sex session by about ten minutes. In fact, he 
hadn't planned to be there at all, but after he finished painting, Aunt 
Jenny had asked him to take a jug of water and sandwiches up to the 
twins. "They're supposed to be hoeing corn in the field at the top of 
the ridge," she'd said. "But I expect you'll find them at the pond just 
below. If they're skinny-dipping, you just cover your eyes till they 
get dressed, right, Nick?"

She gave him a wink that almost floored him. Nick blushed and got the 
hell on his way.

He really wanted to stay and talk to his aunt, but it seemed too early. 
What he needed to do was make himself more at home first, get them all 
a little better adjusted to his presence. Then he could do what his dad 
had sent him here to do.

*   *   *

Nick followed a well-trodden path up the ridge, through the edge of the 
cornfield and down into the hollow beyond. He saw the glint of sun on 
water, and beyond it, stretched naked in the grass, were his cousins. 
He still felt a little strange about fucking them, and the memory of 
Uncle Bob's threat burned in his brain, but the sight of the twins 
glowing in the sunlight made his cock stand up inside his cutoffs, and 
by the time he'd circled the pond and reached them, his prick was 
totally erect, his balls so full of cum they hurt.

"Oh!" Betsy gasped. "So you finally showed up, huh, Nicky? Well, gee--
you were so long getting here that we've both just gotten completely 
out of the mood! I guess maybe if you wanted to try and turn us on a 
little, we might get something going, but, wow, I'm so tired it 
probably won't even work!"

"Are you serious?" Nick asked, his jaw dropping.

Betsy giggled and sat lip. She cupped her tits and offered them to him. 
"Of course I'm not serious! Get that prick inside me and fuck my brains 
out!"

Becky giggled.

"Fucking her brains out will take you about ten seconds," she told her 
cousin, reaching up to fondle the bold protruding shape of his cock. 
"Then it's gonna be my turn!"

*   *   *

Nick lay back in the grass as Becky's hot wet cunt slammed down on his 
face. He speared his tongue into her ripe juicy cunt, using his hands 
to open her wide. He blinked, and the flick of his eyelash sent a spasm 
of delight throbbing through his cousin's clit. He added some tongue, 
and she squealed into yet another climax.

Betsy was giving him a blowjob he'd remember the rest of his life. His 
cock was swollen like a log inside Betsy's hot mouth, pulsating 
majestically against her lapping tongue, struggling to push its way 
into the hot tightness of her throat.

Becky face-fucked him, smearing her wet cunt all over his mouth and 
nostrils. He wondered if he'd ever get the pussy smell out of his nose. 
God, he hoped not! His hands dug into her ass and he fucked her with 
his tongue, bringing a little creamy come-spasm from her rippling 
pussy.

"Oooooohhhhh, eat me out, Nicky!" she moaned, slamming cunt downward. 
"Make me come all over your nasty tongue!"

His cock began to squirt in Betsy's mouth. It was a sudden, 
uncontrollable response, and he felt the girl's mouth expand to make 
room for the blistering blasts of jizz he fired into her. He could hear 
her gulping as well, and he thrust hard, his cock stabbing straight 
into Betsy's throat.

She wasn't expecting it, and she gagged, spewing her mouthful of cum 
back down his cockshaft.

"Oh, God!" she panted. "You almost fuckin' killed me!"

Becky got off his face, rubbing her cunt. Nick sat up slowly, looking 
down as Betsy licked up the spilled cum from his still-rigid cock. She 
mouthed his prick, then she rose quickly, reversed herself, and started 
down toward him. As she descended, she held her asscheeks open, 
exposing both her cunt and her shitter to his eyes and cock.

"Her asshole," Becky said, hugging Nick. "She wants you to put it in 
her asshole but she's afraid you'll think she's a slut if she asks for 
it. She is a slut, but go ahead, Nicky--fuck my sister's asshole 
anyway!"

"Please!" Betsy moaned, looking over her shoulder. She was blushing 
shyly, but there was no mistaking the plea in her voice.

Nick had never fucked an asshole before, except for the fingers he'd 
had in his twin cousins shitholes, but despite the tremendous load he'd 
squirted into Betsy's mouth, his cock was still rigid with lust.

His cock was wet and slimy. Betsy's shitter was small and pink and 
tight, but Becky had no trouble opening it with a finger, and Nick's 
cock got bigger and bigger as he watched Becky stir her finger around 
in her sister's shitter.

"See?" she said. "Easy as pie. Let me spread her out a little bit more, 
then she's all yours."

"Ohhhhhhh!" Betsy moaned as the finger reamed her, but Nick could see 
her asshole dilating a little more with each stroke of Becky's digit, 
and he felt his heart pounding with anticipation.

"Now, fuck her," Becky said, removing her finger. The hole remained 
dilated, but each vibration of Betsy's aroused body seemed to make the 
hole narrow. "Do it to her! Stick your big hard cock in my sister's 
asshole!"

Nick put his arm around Betsy's waist and guided his prick-knob to the 
hole he'd watched Becky open up for him. His cockhead was purple and 
swollen. As it touched his cousin's shitter, he told himself there was 
no way he could get inside her.

But the touch of his cock to Becky's tiny asshole seemed to transform 
his young blonde cousin and he felt his cock sinking into the steadily 
enlarging mouth of hot tight flesh. She screamed as he fucked into her, 
but he didn't stop pushing downward, and his cock rammed up her tight 
shit-chute, filling the young girl with Nick's swollen prick.

"Oh, God, Nicky, don't take it out till you've made me come! Fuck my 
asshole hard! Make me see God!"

Becky had a finger in her own asshole as she squatted down near Nick 
and Betsy. She rose, kissing her sister's mouth, then her tits, then 
licking her way down into the blonde-furred patch of pussy that was 
almost identical to her own. She peeled back the cuntlips and sucked 
her sister's cunt while Betsy rose and fell in short slides of Nick's 
throbbing cock.

Becky nibbled at Nick's balls, too, her tongue and teeth descending to 
play with them while his cock fucked in and out of Betsy's ass. She 
licked the root of his cock, tasting her sister's asshole flavors on 
it, but she'd already sucked them from the source, not twenty minutes 
ago. Still, the taste of cock merged in made it a lot more fulfilling 
and exciting.

She moved back up to Betsy's pussy. This time she sucked as if she 
meant it, and within moments she felt the telltale quiverings deep 
inside her twin's fuckhole. She licked toward those yearning sensations 
with her hungry tongue, sucking the juice straight out of Betsy's 
pulsating cunt. As her tongue played within the tight tunnel, she could 
feel the hammering beat of Nick's cock on the other side of the narrow 
strip of flesh separating the two holes. She squeezed Nick's balls, 
still lapping into her sister's cunt, and she felt their cousin's prick 
thrust harder and harder into Betsy's ass. Her own assfucking finger 
she transferred to her pussy, because that was where she needed some 
stimulation.

Betsy almost exploded straight up into the air when her orgasm hit. Her 
asshole snapped shut around Nick's cock, and the trembling boy could 
only strain and shiver beneath his orgasmic cousin. Her ass muscles 
squeezed him like a vise, but she was so fucking tight he couldn't even 
move his cock.

"Jesus fucking shit!" Nick gasped suddenly. He scrunched up his face in 
a look of pure agony, and he howled with each squirt of jizz pouring 
into his cousin's shitter.

His cock wilted inside her and slipped out, and there followed 
immediately an oozing drippage of jizz from Betsy's asshole. The girl 
was squirming and moaning atop him, hardly aware that he'd finished.

Becky saw the jizz oozing out of her sister's shitter and her taste 
buds went crazy. She slid her tongue down to capture the spillage, 
licking up inside Betsy to get more.

"That was fantastic," Nick said a little later, sharing one of the 
sandwiches he'd brought up to the girls.

"It may have been the most incredible fuck of my life," Betsy said. 
"But I think we're turning Becky into a dirty girl. Did you see how she 
sucked your cum out of my asshole? Ooooh, that's soooo nasty!"

"Yeah!" Becky giggled. "And this is only the second day of Nick's 
visit! I wonder how dirty we'll all be after he's been here a week? 
God, Nick, the things you can learn living in the city! And you've 
gotta teach us soooo much more--teach us everything you know!"

Who the hell is teaching who? Nick wondered.

But then Becky took hold of his cock and started to play with it, 
trying to make it hard again.



Chapter 5


Nick didn't get a lot of rest that night. Though he went to bed at an 
early hour--just after nine--he found himself awakened at intervals by 
the girls, each in turn. First Becky crawled up over the porch roof and 
invaded his bed for a wild, hot sixty-nine and fuck, and then it was 
Betsy, a couple of hours later, with her asshole already vaselined and 
a big grin on her face. The sound of Uncle Bob's cruiser pulling up in 
front of the house at a little past one was the sweetest sound Nick 
could imagine. He sent Betsy packing and snuggled into his bed for a 
few hours sleep.

No one sucked him awake in the morning, which was a surprise, and when 
he opened his eyes and checked his watch, he was surprised to find that 
it was ten. Nick hustled out of bed and into his clothes and went 
downstairs. He was supposed to pitch hay in the barn, and he'd be at it 
till well after dark, considering the time he'd already lost.

He found some coffee on the stove and quick-fried a few eggs, then 
headed for the barn. Uncle Bob's car was gone, and there was no sign of 
the girls or the pickup they usually drove. Until he entered the barn, 
he didn't even know where his Aunt Jenny might be.

She was in a corner of the barn, milking one of the cows.

"Hi, Nick," she said, looking up.

His aunt was a good-looking woman, he was well aware, but she looked 
especially nice this morning. She was wearing a bit of makeup, and her 
hair was fluffed. She was wearing tight jeans that stretched around the 
curves of her ass, and a thin top that emphasized the fullness of her 
tits. One of her daughters had inherited her mom's ass, Nick decided, 
and the other had gotten her tits, but Aunt Jenny had it all.

Her hand worked on the cow's udder, stroking the teat, making it squirt 
milk into the pail.

Nick came closer. He'd never seen anyone milk a cow before, at least 
not since he had grown big enough to notice.

"Are you enjoying your visit?" Aunt Jenny asked. "It must be a lot more 
fun than staying at home and listening to all the bitching about your 
dad's new divorce, right?"

Nick nodded. He wished she had not mentioned the divorce.

He watched her hand, the way it squeezed the long tit, the way her 
fingers slid up and down. And then the rhythmic squirt of milk 
splashing into the bucket. More than anything else, it reminded Nick of 
jerking off. He'd had a lot of practice at that, before losing his 
cherry to his hot twin cousins, and the action of Aunt Jenny's fist was 
almost hauntingly like some of his wistful handjobs. He'd gotten pretty 
good at whacking off, but he could have picked up a couple of new ideas 
just from watching his aunt milk the cow. And the end result was much 
the same--a gushing squirt of white creamy liquid from the hand-fondled 
organ.

"You wanna try?" she asked.

Blushing a little, he knelt beside her. She guided his hand onto the 
cow's teat, and he squeezed.

"Pull while you're squeezing," Aunt Jenny said. "It's a lot like 
playing with your prick. I'm sure you've done that a time or two, 
haven't you, Nick?"

His face went scarlet, but his hand yanked on the udder, and the teat 
squirted milk.

"Once or twice," he said, looking away from her.

"So," she said, "I guess you and the girls are getting along okay. 
They're not here right now. I sent them out to get some tomato plants. 
And Bob had to go out early. Just you and me left to run the farm for 
now, Nick. I wonder if we can handle it?"

She touched his hand where it cuddled the cow's teat. Her fingers 
fitted over his, and she began to guide him. Her hand was warm. 
Together they made the udder give up its milk. The teats went dry, but 
Aunt Jenny continued to hold his hand. Her shoulder brushed his, and 
then he felt the pressure of her tits against his side. He could feel 
her pointy nipples, and he realized she wasn't wearing a bra. Her tits 
moved inside the shirt and he felt the motion. It vibrated straight 
down to his cock. Nick moved his legs together, trying to hide the 
sudden hardness between them.

"I heard you last night!" she whispered into his ear. "Before Bob came 
home! Did you have both my girls up in your room? Oh, don't look so 
shocked! My bedroom is right beneath yours, remember? You can hear a 
lot in that old house, if you know what to listen for. And I know what 
it sounds like when someone's getting fucked."

Nick turned, letting go of the cow's udder, and Jenny took his face in 
her hands. She stared into his eyes, then leaned in to kiss him. Her 
mouth was wet, hot and as sweet as milk. He gasped as she fucked her 
tongue into his mouth, as she licked his lips and shared her drool with 
him, as her jiggling tits pressed his chest.

She came off the milking stool, onto him, forcing Nick down on his back 
on the hay-strewn barn floor. He opened his legs automatically as she 
mounted him, and she moved into the spread, pushing her crotch against 
his. Her crotch rubbed insistently, feeling the bony response of his 
hardened cock.

"Oh, that feels so goddamn good!" she whispered.

She'd taken the words right out of her nephew's mouth. His prick was 
stiff and throbbing inside his pants, and he could feel the heat from 
her crotch too. She was on him like a woman who was ready to fuck, and 
after his experiences with her two daughters, Nick Owens was damn sure 
he knew the signs.

"Aunt Jenny!" he said, more than a little shocked.

But his hands were down low on her ass, and he was feeling her ass 
through the tight-stretched denim of her jeans, and it seemed to set 
his fingers afire. She kissed him again, with lots of tongue, and he 
didn't resist.

She was pulling up her shirt as she lay on top of him, and now her 
full, hard-nippled tits were lying flush upon his chest. She lifted up 
slightly and ripped his shirt open, then eased down, brushing him with 
her tits.

"Touch them," she said.

He grabbed two handfuls. It was like holding two fat loaves of bread 
fresh from the oven.

Jenny moved forward slightly, her tits raising into his face. She 
didn't have to ask him to suck on her tits. Nick could figure out a few 
things for himself.

He took one tit into his mouth and gulped at it, feeling the nipple fat 
and ripe against his tongue. He couldn't remember ever having been 
breast-fed as a baby, and he was sorry now. He sucked as if he meant to 
make up for the deprivation.

Aunt Jenny was opening his pants, her hand going straight inside. She 
had no trouble at all finding his cock. It was almost as big as the 
barn.

"You're getting to be a big boy, Nick," she said with a smile, 
struggling to get his prick out into the open.

Her spit-frothed tits wiggled out of his grasp and she moved herself 
back down his body, straight for the upright exposed meat of her 
nephew's prick. Jenny looked up at Nick, her eyes beaming, and then she 
lowered her race over his cock, sucking it down her throat.

Nick grabbed at his aunt's head, doing his sudden best to fuck her 
face.

Her saliva ran down the shaft of his prick as he thrust up and in, and 
she made gurgling sounds around his cock that sent shivers of ecstasy 
straight to his balls. She sucked all the way down to the zipper.

Nick unhooked his pants and eased them out of the way, while Jenny's 
mouth continued to suck hungrily at his cock.

She came up for air, wiping her wet mouth with the back of her hand. 
Her shirt was pulled up to bare her tits, and she rose above Nick, 
majestic in her half-exposure.

"I figured if the girls were going to get some of this, there ought to 
be a little left for me, too," she said, unhooking her jeans and 
pushing them down over her full, lush hips. "And I think I need it more 
than they do, Nick!"

The pants were tight, and getting them down was a chore. Nick watched 
enraptured as she struggled, his heart almost stopping as the full, 
fluffy golden vee of her pussybush came into sight at last. Light shone 
through the cracks in the barn wall, and a beam played upon the 
droplets of moisture that clung to Jenny's pussy-hair, leaking from her 
full-lipped cunt. She stepped out of her pants, then straddled her 
nephew, allowing him a look up into her cunt.

Her cunt mound was fat, framed by her firm full thighs. From this 
angle, Nick could see almost every detail. Her cuntslit was long and 
deep, the edges protruding like puckered lips. He could even see the 
shimmer of pink flesh within her cunt.

Nick sat up, holding his aunt's thighs.

"You're getting the idea," she said as he moved his face straight into 
her cunt.

His lips and nose brushed aside the golden curls and his tongue licked 
along the puffy cuntal crease. She tasted great already, the fuck-juice 
oozing from her cunt's interior, and Nick opened her with his tongue, 
licking his way up into Aunt Jenny's hot, horny pussy.

She fucked his face with her cunt, reaching down to spread her cuntlips 
a little more. His tongue wormed into the slick wet tunnel, and it got 
wetter with each slurp.

He found her clit, too. She had a clit the size of Nick's pinky tip, 
and it seemed to get bigger the more he licked it. He licked it a lot.

"You dirty boy!" she panted, wrapping her thighs around his face and 
fucking his mouth with her wet pussy. "You dirty dirty boy!" She didn't 
sound pissed-off. And she didn't exactly taste that way, either.

Nick's cock was standing up, harder and longer, maybe, than it had ever 
been. There was a funky ripeness about his aunt's pussy that showed him 
what was missing in the hot cunts of Betsy and Becky. The smell was a 
little stronger, but it got into his nostrils and drove him crazy with 
lust. She had a tangy cunt, and he couldn't get enough of it. As he 
continued to eat her while she stood astride his face, he was lifting 
his ass from the floor, pumping his rock-hard cock up into the air, and 
feeling almost as gratified as if it was buried in a tight hot tunnel 
of cunt.

"Is this what you're doing to my little girls?" Aunt Jenny whispered, 
running her fingers through Nick's hair. "Licking them with that hot 
tongue, sucking their pink little nipples and sliding that big hard 
cock into their tight tender pussies? I bet they keep coming back for 
more, don't they, Nick? I bet they're on you like stink on shit, 
begging you for another taste of that prick. Mmmm, I've had it in my 
mouth, and I know it tastes good! But do you know where I need that 
cock of yours, Nick? Mmmm, yeah, baby, right in the same place you've 
been sticking my pretty little blonde twins!"

She slipped her legs from around his face and rubbed her cunt. Her 
fingers dwelled on her big hard clit, and he saw her face twist in a 
mixture of pain and raging lust. She took a step back, and Nick hauled 
down his pants, coming to his feet with his prick standing up tall and 
hard.

"I was born in the house over there," Aunt Jenny said, pointing out the 
barn door. "I've lived on this farm all my life. Do you know that I 
lost my cherry up in the hayloft? Right up there? Do you have any idea 
who popped it for me, Nicky? Not even a clue?"

She took hold of his hard horny cock and slid her fist along the 
throbbing shaft.

"Do you wonder why I'm not shocked that you're fucking my girls, then? 
You missed something, not growing up on a farm. Things are different 
here, more natural. Not like in the city. You learn about fucking by 
watching the animals, and it just seems natural to try it out once 
you're big enough. My brother busted me in the hayloft, Nick. Mmmm-
hmmm, the only brother I ever had. And now I think his son is going to 
lay me down in the hay and fuck me till my pussy bleeds! Come on, Nick! 
Let's do it!"

Even as he slid his cock into his aunt's hot wet cunt, he could hardly 
believe what she'd told him. His dad? Her brother? Oh, shit! But his 
cock sank into the wetness of her hot hole, her legs folded around him, 
and Nick began to fuck his aunt with a drive and a passion not to be 
denied.

"Yes, oh, fuck me hard!" Aunt Jenny gasped, wiggling beneath him so 
that her cunt clenched in an unpredictable rhythm around his cock. She 
wasn't nearly as tight as the twins, but she was afire inside, and the 
gyrations of her body made her pussy suck in almost violently around 
his prick. When he hit bottom in her pussy, he was straining to cover 
the distance, and her cunt was mouthing him the way Becky liked to suck 
prick.

Jenny rolled him over, not missing a stroke, and she rode him from 
above. Her cunt lifted and fell in tumultuous motions on his cock, and 
her tits shook in his face like angry fists. He filled his hands with 
her tits and buried his face between them, sucking each red-tipped 
nipple in turn, and he let her direct and control the pace of their 
fucking.

His cock squirted inside her, suddenly, without warning, and she 
moaned. "Oh, yes, Nick, I can feel your cum blasting! Shoot me full, 
baby! But don't get soft!"

He knew he'd spurted a quart of jizz into her. It ran back down out of 
her cunt as she rode him, and the sticky stuff began to clot in the 
hair at the base of his cock. But she kept on fucking, squeezing her 
pussy in that magical, wicked, knowing way, and his cock throbbed and 
ached and stayed as hard as a rock. The cum he'd fired into Aunt Jenny 
greased her wet cunt even more, and he felt himself slipping deeper 
into her pussy. Her cunt ground down hard against his balls as she 
soaked the hardness into herself, and his fingers flexed responsively 
on her bouncing tits.

She fed the nipples back into his mouth, strangling him with her 
sweaty-titted fullness. He sucked and chewed till the nipples were an 
inch long and she had to moan and whimper each time his teeth closed on 
them again, but she didn't take them away from him, and she didn't let 
up a single fucking stroke as she rode his hard cock.

"I want to suck you now!" she panted, lifting herself off his cock and 
squirming around. Her naked body was glazed with sweat. She thrust her 
cunt down upon his face without a qualm and fed his cock straight into 
her throat, gulping it down to the balls.

The hair of her cunt was matted with sweat and pussyjuice and leaked-
out jizz. Nick felt a little weird, eating his own scum out of Aunt 
Jenny's cunt. He thought of it as salad dressing, and he fucked his 
tongue up into Jenny's hot juicy cunt, massaging the fleshy globes of 
her ass as he rammed his face into her crotch again and again.

He chewed on her pussy lips till she whined around his cock. He got a 
finger inside her, and it felt so good he added a couple more. He 
sucked her clit while he fucked his fingers in and out of her fantastic 
pussy. She got sloppy inside, but she never got slack. His fingers 
skidded on her cum-glazed cuntflesh.

He licked through her pussycrack, moving his tongue to her asshole, and 
Jenny screamed, feeling the touch of his tongue poking into her 
shitter, so he kept on licking.

Nick's fingers were greasy from his aunt's cuntjuices, and his cock was 
in heaven. He bit the insides of her asscheeks, watching the teeth 
marks come up on the flesh, and she responded by chewing a little on 
his cock. It only made him stiffer, and she stuffed his prick straight 
back down her throat, wiping it with her tongue as it moved into 
paradise.

Nick pawed the small button of her asshole. He stroked her shitter with 
his cunt-slimed fingers, making her full, fleshy body quiver and writhe 
atop his. He was smothered in her hot flesh and it was delicious. But 
he wanted to smother something else.

"You ever try this with Dad, Aunt Jen?" he asked slyly, and he began to 
fuck the tip of his middle finger into his aunt's asshole.

"Once or twice," she said in a muffled voice around his cock. "That 
don't mean I've had my fill of it, though!"

He fingered her hard, thrusting into the tightness and breaking down 
her resistance with a wrist-flip and a breathtaking plunge of his 
finger. She arched her back and lifted her ass, then pushed it back 
against the base of his hand, her asshole quivery and alive around his 
inserted finger. Her mouth seemed to go crazy on his cock. Nick's head 
jerked back, and he moaned in gut-stirred pleasure, then put another 
finger into Aunt Jen's ass.

He fucked into her, opening her asshole, and as he twisted his fingers, 
her shitter stretched wide enough for him to add a third finger. He 
bunched them, and he fucked his way in and out, dilating her asshole 
with each stroke. On his third or fourth downstroke, he added another 
finger.

Aunt Jen had stopped sucking now. He wiggled his cock at her. She 
grabbed it with both hands and rubbed it all over her face.

"Oh, you're filthy," she said. "You're just like your father was when 
he was your age!"

Madness seemed to take hold of him. He slipped his thumb into the 
hollow of his hand and pushed harder. The ring of her asshole spread 
against his knuckles. Jenny was moaning like a bitch, and Nick wasn't 
even sure what he was doing, or why. He only knew that he had to do it!

His fist tightened, then thrust straight up Aunt Jen's asshole. He 
couldn't go very deep inside her, for fear of ripping her open, but now 
that his fist was inside her, he straightened out the fingers and 
tickled the interior of her shithole.

She convulsed atop him.

"You fucker!" she wailed. "You nasty fucker!"

Her teeth gnawed at his cock. The way she was chewing, he was almost 
glad she didn't have his prick in her mouth. She might bite it in two.

"Oh, fuck me, fuck me, fuck meeeee!"

Nick's hand kept on probing the interior of her ass. The excitement as 
he continued to fist-fuck her sent shudders through his cock, nestled 
as it was against Jen's slobbering mouth. Her hand was tight around his 
balls and she slurped thirstily, sobbing and growling like a bitch in 
heat.

His knuckles wiggled against the ring of her shithole. He strained, 
shoved, and another inch of his hand went inside his aunt.

Jenny screamed. She bit at his cock, licked it, and jerked it with her 
fist, the tip frictioning constantly against her sweat-soaked face. He 
could feel an orgasm passing up and down her body as she pinned him to 
the bed of hay on which they fucked. A couple of farts seeped out 
around his inserted fist. The smell made him that much hornier. He 
worked his fingers in and out, not reaching the depth of penetration 
that had suddenly been his a moment ago, but the slithering pressure as 
his hand moved was more than enough to keep Jenny locked in the grip of 
a come so wild it scared Nick.

Her cunt got wetter, and he tasted her fuck-juices. A moment later she 
was pissing all over him, her body totally out of control. Nick angled 
his mouth away from the flow and let it drain onto his neck and chest.

He thrust his fingers, deep, hard, insistently. Aunt Jen screamed, her 
bladder still draining. Her hand shivered around Nick's cock.

The eruptive force of Nick's orgasm splattered her face with hot cock 
cream. She sprayed herself, moaning and giggling, and she pushed the 
tip of his cock between her lips to let the last few squirts shoot 
across her tongue and down her throat. As Nick's cock wilted in her 
fist, Jen's body went slack, and they collapsed into the hay.

"If that's what you're doing to my girls ..."

Nick shook his head, still stunned by what he had just shared with Aunt 
Jenny.

"No, honest," he said.

Jenny laughed. "I was just gonna say, it's too good for the little 
sluts! God, they grow up fast in the big city! You did a couple of 
things that no one has ever done to me, Nicky. I'm gonna have to lure 
you up into the hayloft again, and really soon!"

She sat up, stretching, her tits golden in the sunlight filtering 
through the slats in the barn wail.

"I haven't been fucked like that in a long time," Jenny said, putting 
her hand on Nick's shoulder. "My life isn't exactly what I'd always 
hoped it would be. I don't think Bob cares that much about me any 
more."

Nick flushed. Even though he'd just fist-fucked his aunt's asshole, he 
wasn't sure he wanted to hear about her domestic problems.

"Oh, I'm sure he does," he said, anxious to change the subject.

Jen shook her head. "I've seen it coming for a good while. All he 
thinks about are the twins. He's looking at them all the time, the way 
he used to look at me. He won't let them go out with boys or do much of 
anything that takes them away from the house unless he's there to keep 
an eye on them. Bob just can't stand the thought of anyone else doing 
to his daughters what he'd like to do to them himself."

Nick's eyes popped. Holy fucking shit! he thought.

"And when he does fuck me," Jen said, "about the only thing he doesn't 
do is call me by the twins' names. He looks into my eyes, but it's 
their tight little pink pussies he's feeling around his cock. God, 
maybe we oughta move away from here, go off to the city, maybe, and 
start all over again."

Nick took a deep breath.

"Well," he said, "that is sorta the reason I'm here, Aunt Jen."

He knew if he didn't blurt it out now, he'd never be able to do it.

"It's Cloris," he said. "She's going to take a big chunk out of dad's 
ass in the divorce settlement, and he's in a cash-flow crisis. She's 
gonna get at least fifty percent of everything he owns. Maybe more. You 
think I'm down here because Dad didn't want me getting disturbed at 
home by all the divorce stuff. The real reason is the farm. Half of it 
belongs to Dad, and he wants to know how you'd feel about him selling 
his half."

"This land has been in the family a long time," Jen said in a tight 
voice. "Four hundred acres. He can't sell out!"

"He figures his half is worth at least a hundred and fifty thousand," 
Nick said. "That would get Cloris off his back without dipping into 
Owens Enterprises." He cleared his throat. "He thought maybe you'd like 
to buy out his share."

"We don't have that kind of money," Jen said. "He knows that! He'll 
sell it to a stranger to pay off that bitch he married!"

She stood up. "I wish you'd told me about this before you fucked me, 
Nick. And I think maybe you ought to be packing for the trip back to 
Cleveland!"

She gathered up her clothes.

Oh, God, Nick thought, I've really fucked it all up now!



Chapter 6


"But I don't understand," Betsy said, looking up from Nick's prick. 
"How come you're leaving so soon? You just got here! And we were having 
soooo much fun!"

"It's a long story," Nick said. He didn't want to go into the details. 
What good would that do?

Becky slipped her other tit into his mouth and he licked at the nipple 
before closing his lips around it for some hard sucking. She took his 
arm and guided it between her bare legs, then started to rub her cunt 
back and forth along the bony limb. He could feel the heat of her cunt 
as his flesh frictioned it, and he could feel the pussyjuice leaking 
out of her cunt as it slid back and forth. In Betsy's mouth, his prick 
was as hard as a rock, and she was gobbling it down into her throat.

Becky pulled her slobber-coated tit loose and clamped her cunt down on 
his arm. She rocked, masturbating herself vigorously. They had the 
house to themselves right now. The girls had arrived home with the 
tomato plants they'd been sent for, and Jenny was in the field setting 
them out. She'd told the girls to say goodbye to Nick because he'd be 
on the bus out of Rocksburg in the evening.

Jesus, Becky thought, shivering a little despite the heat build-up that 
centered in her pussy and enlivened her entire body, it's almost as if 
she knows what we've been doing! The curiosity raged inside her, but no 
one was talking much.

So now they were in the twins' own bedroom, right on Betsy's pink-
covered bed. It was a little tight for three bodies, but that only made 
it more fun.

Becky squeezed her cousin's arm and juiced his flesh with the leakage 
from her cunt, and she leaned down to kiss him wetly on the mouth.

Betsy raised her face from Nick's cock, and Becky eased on down to take 
it into her mouth. She licked her sister's drool off the hard hot 
cockshaft, then sucked it in, sliding it shallowly in and out of her 
mouth with a provocative rhythm.

"Don't be a pig," Betsy said, but she'd monopolized Nick's prick since 
things had gotten started. The least she could do was share.

Betsy bent down to suck on Nick's balls, then moved her tongue up his 
cockshaft until it met Becky's mouth coming down the length of their 
cousin's long prick. The girls shared a kiss, and Becky lifted her head 
so that Betsy could get a few of her own licks in, devoted to Nick's 
swollen prick-knob. Their tongues worked on him simultaneously, 
stroking the hard edges of his cockhead, one tongue slithering through 
his piss-slit while the other tickled the tingly area just below. They 
kissed with his cock framed between their mouths, and he thrust happily 
into their meshed lips.

Betsy giggled. "I think I'd like to receive a little, you know?"

She squatted on Nick's face, offering him no choice about eating her 
pussy. As her cunt descended onto his mouth and opened to receive the 
worship of his tongue, Becky's mouth was thrusting down over Nick's 
cock, sucking it with great passion.

Betsy fucked his face with her pussy, washed him with her cuntjuices. 
He licked her, making her cunt leak more and more funky ooze. His hands 
were on her ass, and she wiggled a little, pushing her pussy forward so 
he could get his tongue up to her shitter.

"Maybe you can fuck me in the asshole again, Cousin Nick," she said in 
a breathless voice. "Maybe we can even talk Becky into giving it a 
try."

"Fat chance," Becky said between slurps at his cock. "My pussy hasn't 
begun to get its fill!"

Betsy reversed herself on Nick's face, presenting her asshole for his 
complete attention. That was fine. She liked being eaten out there 
almost as much as he enjoyed the kinky thrill of sticking his tongue 
into her shitter.

As he rimmed her hot little shitter, he worked his fingers into her 
pussy. Her tight cuntlips spread slowly as he thrust into their pink 
wetness, and he began to spear her more vigorously, adding extra 
fingers. By the time he had four fingers inside her, a sudden flash of 
what he'd done to Aunt Jen in the barn came into Nick's mind, and he 
found himself wondering if he could stage a replay with his cousins.

But Betsy's asshole was so tight and tiny he was sure he could never 
get more than a couple of fingers up her. On the other hand, there was 
an interesting flexibility to Betsy's cunt, which seemed to expand 
easily with each thrust of his fingers.

"Holy fucking Jesus!" Betsy yelped as he thrust his fingers up her 
cunt, all the way to the knuckles. She lurched upward, her cunt and ass 
hovering above him, too far to reach with his tongue but very much 
within the range of his hand. He jabbed her again, folding his thumb 
into the hollow of his palm, and twisted his hand around and around, 
fighting with her pussy's heated tightness.

"What are you doing to her?" Becky asked, sitting up and staring.

Her heart beat wildly. She put her hand on her own pussy, spreading her 
cuntlips.

Nick shoved harder.

"You're always wanting more," he said in a squeaky voice. "Baby, this 
is more!"

Betsy crawled forward until she bumped the headboard of the bed. She 
grabbed hold of it, and Nick continued to poke his hand up her pussy. 
Her cunt muscles seemed to pop before his attack, and suddenly he was 
inside her, and the hot steam of her cunt enfolded his fucking fist. He 
was almost afraid to continue, but as he hesitated, he heard his cousin 
begin to whine and moan for more, and lust drove him mad.

In and out his hand moved, swallowed to the wrist inside her remarkably 
elastic cunt. He found that he could pull his hand almost completely 
out of her and stuff it back inside before her pussy had time to snap 
closed in self-defense. She was so tight it felt as if her cunt was 
rubbing the skin off his hand, but pussy-juice drooled like piss from 
her fuckhole, and each gurgling whimper from her lips seemed to send a 
matching squish of girl-cum from her pussy.

"You're ripping her apart!" Becky shrieked, grabbing at Nick's arm. 
"You motherfucker! Oh, Christ, I think she fucking likes it!"

Betsy's head jerked back and forth.

"You bastard," she said. "Oh, fuck me, you nasty, nasty bastard!"

Becky crawled close, staring at the hand moving in and out of her 
twin's creaming cunt.

"Is this even possible?" she asked in disbelief. Betsy's hands dug into 
the wood of the headboard, and the entire bed vibrated from her fuck-
maddened responses to Nick's fist. Nick was panting like a dog, with 
streams of saliva running down his chin.

Becky was on her back beside him, her knees up, her pretty pink pussy 
shining wetly. Nick put his other hand on Becky's cunt and spread her 
pussylips until her fuckhole winked at him.

"I think I'll do it to you, too," he said, thrusting a finger into her 
cunt.

She moaned at his intrusion, but her pussy slobbered its welcome, and 
he moved his finger rhythmically in and out until her cunt was loose 
and ready. He added an extra finger, using it to ream her a little 
more, then pushing both inserted fingers deep.

Becky's clit was erect, a pink button of lust, and he thumbed it as he 
continued to fingerfuck her pussy.

"Yes, goddamn you, yes!" she moaned, spreading her legs wide for his 
caresses.

With her other hand, she grabbed his hard cock, squeezing it viciously.

"Make me cum or I'll break this fucker in two!" she gasped in a husky 
voice. And then her hand fell into a gentle stroking action that sent 
spasms of excitement through Nick.

Betsy moaned. The hand inside her had found its rhythm, and her cunt 
had expanded to make room for it. Nick pushed deeper, as if he meant to 
tickle her ovaries, and she closed her eyes. Sweat oozed from her 
pores, but it turned to scalding steam as it bubbled onto the 
overheated surface of her body. She rocked up and down, back and forth, 
her cunt doing as much to swallow Nick's fist as he did to thrust it in 
and out.

He used the same slow but steady process on Becky that he'd used on her 
sister. He got her cunt adjusted to the presence of two reaming 
fingers, then added a third, then a fourth. She seemed to open a little 
faster than her twin, but maybe it was because she was totally ready to 
feel it. He curled his thumb and pushed his knuckles into his cousin's 
steamy cunt.

"Oh God!" Becky gasped, her hand moving rapidly on Nick's stiff prick.

Pre-cum oozed from his cock-knob, and he thought he felt a squirt or 
two of the harder stuff shoot from him as well.

"Owwwwww!"

Becky howled as his hand made deeper penetration, her cunt stretching 
so far it almost squeaked. But his knuckles went into her, and her face 
went white, and as he fucked in, Nick knew he was home free. Now he had 
a fist inside each of his sexy young cousins, and he was fucking them 
both to orgasm as Becky's agile hand promised the same thing to his 
responsive cock.

Betsy came in torrents around his ramming fist. The orgasm shattered 
her, and it almost flattened Nick's fist inside her convulsing cunt.

"Ohhhh! Ohhhhhh!" she moaned over and over, the bed shaking so much it 
threatened to tip over.

He tried to get his fist out of her cunt, but she had tightened on him 
like a vise and he couldn't budge it loose.

"Fuck me harder, Nick!" Becky panted, rocking wildly. "Oh, fuck me with 
your big hard fist!"

He obliged the quivering blonde, fucking his fist deeper and harder 
into her pussy. The tight tunnel spread with each thrust, then snugged 
in again to provide a little resistance for his next plunge.

Becky was caressing her clit with one hand and jerking on his cock with 
the other, but her masturbatory strokes grew wilder, less controlled. 
The need to squirt his load was burning within Nick.

He humped into her fist and felt her fingers suddenly tense and tighten 
around his cock. His hand repaid the favor inside Becky's cunt, and he 
felt the onset of her orgasm. He straightened out his fingers and 
tickled the interior of her cunt as her fuckhole rippled wildly around 
him.

"Shitttttt!" Becky screamed. "Oh, I'm cummmmmmminggggg!"

She went into spasms, letting go of Nick's cock. The sudden frustration 
almost killed him. He looked down and saw a dribble of jizz spray from 
his swollen cock-knob, but he needed some help to get the rest of the 
way off, and neither of the girls was in any shape to help him. He 
strained and yanked, but Betsy's pussy had snapped shut and he was 
stuck wrist-deep in his squirming cousin.

Betsy sank down on the bed, Nick's hand still inside her.

"Oh Jesus, Jesus, Jesus!" she moaned as the last jolts of orgasm raced 
through her body.

Nick kept fucking his fist into Becky's cunt, and she met him with 
gulping thrusts that fucked his hand deeper than he had thought it was 
possible to go in a girl's pussy.

"Oh, Christ!" he moaned. "Would somebody fuckin' squeeze my cock just 
one goddamn time?"

From the bedroom doorway came a voice, a deep rumbling voice that Nick 
knew all too well.

"Maybe you'd like me to do something for your prick!"

Nick turned his head and saw that his worst dream had come true. Uncle 
Bob was standing there, his hand resting on the grip of his enormous 
pistol. The sun caught his badge and there was a flash of light. There 
would, Nick was sure, be a similar flash of light when Uncle Bob took 
out his gun and shot Nick with it.

He pulled furiously, and his hands came popping out of his cousins' 
cunts. The action was so quick, and the girls howled so chillingly, 
that Nick was a little surprised to see that they weren't bleeding But, 
he reminded himself, in a moment or two, he would probably be doing 
enough bleeding for everyone.



Chapter 7


"Daddy!" the twins cried in unison, sitting up. Their faces went red.

Bob strode into the room. He took hold of his gun and started to pull 
it out, but suddenly the twins jumped up and ran to him. Each grabbed 
an arm and a leg, momentarily immobilizing the big man.

"Out the window, Nick!" Becky shouted, and the boy went out head-first. 
His cock, still erect, caught on the sill and almost broke off, which 
reminded him that he was still stark naked. He was also on the second 
floor of the big old house. Fortunately for him, it was only a short 
drop to the porch roof, which happened to be just beneath the twins' 
bedroom window. He landed hard, lay winded for a moment, then swung off 
the roof and down to the ground.

"Goddamn it, let go of me!" Bob Kendall was shouting, trying to shake 
his daughters loose. "I told that skinny little son-of-a-bitch what I'd 
do to him! Told him not to go swingin' that cock of his around my 
little girls!"

The girls broke free. Bob yanked out his gun, but Nick was gone.

"Damn it!" he said. "I'll teach him! Family or not--"

"Oh, what's the big deal, anyway, Daddy?" Betsy asked in a chirpy 
little voice. Neither she nor her sister was making any effort to cover 
up. Becky hurried to her father's side as he peered through the window.

"He didn't hurt us or anything, Daddy," she said, rubbing her bare body 
against her father's side. Her arms went as far as they could around 
Bob's massive torso. "He didn't do anything we didn't want him to do!"

"That's right, Daddy," Betsy said, coming in from the other side. "I 
mean, we may not be quite as innocent as you think we are."

Becky giggled. "Did you think we were real innocent when you were 
watching us yesterday? Or some of those other times?"

Bob turned. "What the hell are you talkin' about?"

Becky stepped back. She held one hand up to her face, as if she were 
staring through binoculars. The other hand she moved down to her 
crotch, using it to grip fiercely an imaginary cock. Licking her lips, 
she made her fist go up and down in a pretty good imitation of a 
masturbating male.

Betsy got the idea. She moved away from her father, into the center of 
the room. Sinking back onto the bed, she posed like a centerfold model, 
cupping and offering her tits, tickling the nipples with her slim 
fingers, stretching out her tongue to lick at the upstanding pink buds. 
Her eyes sparkled with lust, and her pussy was wet and pink when she 
reached down to spread her pussylips. Her legs stretched out, wide-
open, and she rubbed herself.

Becky made panting sounds as she gripped her imaginary binoculars and 
flogged her equally imaginary cock.

"Any of this look familiar, Daddy?" she asked in a teasing voice.

"You little sluts," Bob said.

"What's the matter, Daddy?" Becky asked, turning. "Have you always been 
so mean about our getting around boys 'cause you didn't want anybody 
else to have what you were craving? Oh, look, Betsy! I think Daddy's 
got a hard-on!"

"Bet it's not the first one we've given him," Betsy said, sitting up. 
She jumped from the bed and joined her twin near their father. "Put 
away the gun, Daddy. That isn't what you want to shoot us with, is it?"

She took the gun from her father's hand, slipped it into the holster, 
and snapped the catch. Becky unhooked the gun belt and moved it out of 
his reach. Betsy rubbed herself up against her father's waist. Her hand 
caressed the hardness of his chest, then moved downward to where the 
lump of his hardened cock thrust at the front of his snug-fitting 
uniform pants.

"Mmmm, Daddy!" she purred, touching his cock-bulge. "I always figured 
you'd have a big one, but I never thought it would be this big!"

*   *   *

Stripped of everything but his T-shirt, Bob Kendall lay on the bed. 
There was no room on the bed for his daughters. He was a big man.

The girls' hands played up and down the stiff standing shaft of his 
cock. He couldn't remember ever having been so hard, so ready. A steady 
ooze of pre-cum leaked from the head of his prick, and the twins 
fondled him, teasing his cock to the breaking point. Gasping, Bob 
grabbed the nearest head--it was Becky's--and pulled her face into 
position over his cockhead.

"Oh, Daddy!" she gasped as he thrust upward, his wet cock smearing its 
juicy bubbles of pre-cum onto her lips and chin. She puckered and 
kissed her father's cock-knob, and then her lips parted willingly and 
her face moved downward over his big hard cock. Bob groaned at the 
fulfillment of his deepest, darkest fantasies.

Becky's eyes rolled as she swallowed her daddy's cock. She knew how to 
suck a prick down to the balls, but she gagged before she could get his 
cock into her throat, and she kept on gagging and choking as she 
struggled to wolf him down.

"Too much for you?" Betsy asked, leaning across their father from the 
other side of the bed. "Let me try it."

Becky surrendered Bob's cock, and Betsy fed it into her mouth. Oh, 
shit, the young girl thought, gulping hard and unable to make much 
headway. Maybe she'd bitten off a bit more than she could suck, too!

But she was determined, and the fist-fucking session with Nick had made 
Betsy unbelievably horny. She closed her eyes and concentrated, and, as 
gradually as her cunt had expanded to make room for Nick's thrusting 
hand, so did her throat expand to make room for her father's cock. Her 
lips moved down the incredibly swollen cock-shaft, and they moved into 
the nest of hair that sprouted from his groin.

She held him in her mouth for what seemed an eternity, just absorbing 
the meaty hot taste of her father's prick. His hands were on her back 
and ass, squeezing, pinching, fondling, he touched her as if she were a 
religious object and he meant to obtain salvation through his fingers 
alone. Betsy began to understand the fury of the desire her father had 
obviously felt for her, and it excited her even more.

Becky frowned. Normally she was the one who could work magic on a cock, 
using her lips and tongue alone. Betsy had definitely stolen her 
thunder.

"I've got something good for you too, Daddy," she said, climbing up 
onto the narrow edge of bed not covered by his big body. She squatted 
down over his face and offered him her pussy.

"Real men don't eat pussy," Bob said huskily, looking up into his teen 
daughter's wet blonde cunt.

"No wonder you can't get a date, Daddy!" Becky cried. She pressed her 
cunt down onto his face.

He didn't seem to know exactly what to do with her cunt, now that it 
was sitting on his face, but she stirred it around, opening her 
cuntslit and leaking some of her delicious pussyjuice onto his lips. 
She bared her clit and rubbed it across his mouth. Almost 
automatically, he kissed it, and Becky sighed responsively.

"Now just stick your tongue in me," she said. "It'll taste so good I'm 
sure you'll figure out what to do next!"

The interior of her cunt hummed with lust, but she was as tender as 
hell from the fist workout Nick had given her. Her daddy's tongue slid 
into her cunt and felt like a steel file scraping over the raw flesh.

Betsy continued to suck her father's cock. She could taste his hot cum 
leaking sporadically from the end of his cock. He was full of the 
stuff! So full he couldn't hold it all in!

Becky turned on Bob's face. Now she was looking down at Betsy, still 
eating their dad's prick.

"Let me try again!" she moaned, taking hold of his cock. "Please, 
Betsy!"

With a smile, Betsy surrendered the prick to her twin.

"Lick my asshole too, Daddy!" Becky shouted.

A moment later, she felt her father's tongue swipe tentatively across 
the tiny pink opening. A shiver raced through Becky's lean body. She 
kissed his cock and fed it back into her mouth. This time she would 
take him all the way. She'd show him what a real blowjob was all about.

Her lips stretched as the big hard cock entered, but he was sloppy from 
Betsy's drool, and Becky found herself salivating like crazy. She 
closed her eyes, sucking hard at his cock-knob, eating the flavor from 
her daddy's cock. A half-inch at a time, she deepened the thrusts of 
his cock into her mouth, and this time she was ready.

Her mouth worked downward, and the cock-knob eased past her gagging 
point, into the hot steamy hollow of her throat.

"Yes, oh, yes, baby!" she heard her father gasp between licks at her 
pussy, and her mouth eased farther down.

Betsy watched as the big cock disappeared into her sister's mouth. It 
was almost as big a thrill as taking it down her own throat. Obviously, 
their daddy had spent a lot more time fantasizing and thinking about 
fucking his twins than the twins had ever spent fantasizing about his 
cock, but now that his pants were off and his prick was hard, the idea 
of fucking with him was totally irresistible.

She went to the dresser, got a jar of Vaseline, then hurried back to 
the bed. Even if Becky was gonna monopolize his cock, Betsy still 
needed some attention, and she knew damn well her pussy was just too 
sore, thanks to Nick. She scooped out a load of jelly, rubbed it 
lovingly onto her asshole, then took one of her daddy's hands off 
Becky's ass.

"Gotta grease you up, Daddy," she said. His middle finger shot out 
straight and she dipped it into the Vaseline jar till it was coated. 
Then she brought his hand down to her crotch, wincing as he fondled her 
cunt.

"A little farther back, Daddy!" she moaned, guiding Bob's finger to her 
shitter.

Bob had his tongue up Becky's ass. Obviously, he wasn't entirely a 
stranger to that part of a girl. He entered Betsy easily with his 
finger, and she purred, lifting up into the air and coming back down on 
her daddy's grease-slick digit. Her eyes rolled as she humped up and 
down on his finger, and her asshole rippled joyously.

"Ooohh, Daddy, ream my asshole!" she cried. "Maybe I'll even let you 
put that big cock in me, right--oooohhh, right there!"

As she enjoyed his anal masturbation, she leaned forward and let her 
tongue slide across Becky's firm ass. Her twin recognized the touch of 
Betsy's tongue, and she hummed around the cock she was eating so 
deeply, so furiously. Betsy licked down until her tongue met her 
daddy's, at the tight pink dent of Becky's shitter, and she winked at 
him.

"Isn't she a nasty bitch for liking anything as dirty as this?" she 
asked innocently, pushing the tip of her tongue up her twin's ass. Then 
she withdrew and left the hole open for her daddy to do the same. His 
finger kept fucking in and out of Betsy's asshole, and it grew looser 
around his bulk. His finger seemed almost as big as Nick's cock, in 
fact, but Betsy knew that was only an illusion.

"Watch this," she said, slipping a vaselined finger into Becky's ass.

Becky wasn't as big on asshole stuff as Betsy, but she certainly seemed 
to enjoy the sudden stabbing plunge of Betsy's finger. She moaned 
around her mouthful of cock, and she squealed a little too, and then 
she began to slide her ass back to meet Betsy's thrusts. "Now you try 
it!"

Betsy greased his finger, then steered it to her twin's ripe, ready 
shitter.

"Stick it in her," she said, and he gave his wrist a flip.

Bob's finger began to fuck into Becky's shitter. Becky groaned around 
the meat of his cock.

"Oh, stick it in!" Betsy cried.

There was an audible popping sound as Bob Kendall's finger fucked into 
his blonde daughter's dainty little asshole. She lifted her head, 
wailing deliriously as the finger slammed in, then pulled back to shove 
hard again.

Betsy, watching, exhaled excitedly, pounding her own shithole up and 
down on the inserted length of Bob's other middle finger. Her heart was 
about to burst from excitement and arousal. She was coated in sweat, 
and she could feel her asshole stretching with anticipation as her 
daddy's finger continued to fuck up and in.

"Oh, Daddy!" she cried. "I think I've gotta have that big cock of 
yours! And I want it up my asshole!"



Chapter 8


Nick knew that he needed to get out of gunshot range as fast as 
possible. He edged past the barn, then ran for the clump of willows.

He came to the top of the bank and stopped short, looking down at Aunt 
Jenny's garden patch. She was down there, on her knees, putting out 
tomato plants.

"Oh, fuck!" he gasped, not very loud, but loud enough.

Jenny Kendall looked up. She got up and moved toward him.

"Go back," Nick said. "I think he's gonna be shooting in another minute 
or so!"

She put most of it together, marching toward her nephew, and he told 
her the rest. Well, it was inevitable that Bob would have caught the 
girls with someone, sooner or later. Jenny was no fool. She knew her 
daughters were far from virgins. In a way, she was almost delighted 
that Nick had been the fall guy, considering why he had come down to 
the farm in the first place. Still, she couldn't let Bob shoot him for 
doing something that quite a few neighborhood boys had already done.

They heard the sounds from quite a distance away.

"He must be beating the shit out of them," Nick said, walking with his 
hands over his cock. God! Jenny thought. It must have been one hell of 
a fuck that Bob walked in on. Nick's cock was still almost totally 
hard, despite the scare his uncle had thrown into him.

"That's not a whipping sound," Jenny said. "You should know that, if 
anyone would."

She stopped by the porch, looking at the open window from which the 
sounds drifted.

"Give me a boost," she said taking hold of the trellis and starting 
upward.

Nick cupped her ass with his hands. She was in a simple skirt and 
blouse, and as she moved, his hands went up under the skirt. Her 
panties were thing and the muscles of her ass felt firm and responsive 
as he pushed her upward. He looked up her dress and saw curls of hair 
peeking out the leg of her panties.

Aunt Jenny went onto the roof.

"Nick," she said in a soft voice, "I think you better come up here."

The boy climbed upward, banging his stiff cock on the trellis. He 
joined Aunt Jenny on the porch roof and looked with her through the 
twins' bedroom window.

"Holy shit!" he gasped. Uncle Bob and the girls were going at it like 
dogs in heat! Becky was atop her dad, squirming her juicy, sweet-
tasting pussy onto his face while she sucked on his cock.

Uncle Bob had one middle finger shoved up Becky's asshole, and his 
finger looked almost as big as his prick. He slid the thing in and out 
of his daughter, inspiring her to some really ball-stirring swallows of 
his big prick. Betsy was on the other side of the bed. She was kissing 
Becky's ass and licking their dad's finger as it moved in and out of 
her twin's shitter, and from the expression on her face, Nick was 
positive that his uncle was fingerfucking Betsy's pussy as vigorously 
as he reamed Becky's ass.

Then Nick recognized the look on Betsy's face. Uncle Bob's finger had 
to be in the blonde's shitter!

"Oh, Daddy!" Betsy moaned. "I think I've gotta have that big cock of 
yours! And I want it up my asshole!"

*   *   *

By the time Bob and the girls were in position, their observers had 
retreated back down to the porch. So there was no one else to see as 
the twins stretched across the width of the narrow bed, their faces 
down and their asses upward.

"I'm not gonna do it," Becky said. She cupped her ass defensively.

Betsy smirked at her twin. She knew Becky too well. Her sister's eyes 
were not at all as determined as her words.

"Well, I sure am!" she said. "Oh, Daddy, I'm all greased up, and you've 
got me opened with that big hard finger. Now take that big hard cock 
and put it where I want it!"

"I shouldn't," Bob said. "It don't seem right."

He was stroking his massive cock.

He stooped slightly, and Betsy lifted her ass toward him. Her knees 
caught on the edge of the bed, and she spread her legs with a willing 
fervor. He licked up to her shitter, tasting the Vaseline on her, but 
not minding it as much as he would have under other circumstances. He 
spread her asscheeks wide, dilating her little asshole.

He licked into her, and she jerked as if he'd just used a cattle prod 
on her.

"Oh, God, Daddy, don't rip me!" Betsy walled as his big cock started to 
penetrate her shithole. She gulped, feeling the massive bulk of his 
cock-knob fuck into her dilated asshole, and she wondered if she was 
trying to do too much too fast. But she needed to be fucked, and her 
pussy was still raw from the handjob Nick had given her. If she wanted 
cock, she'd have to take it in the ass--and she sure wanted cock!

"Ohhhhhh!" she howled as the cock fucked into her ass. She thought she 
had gotten herself loose and primed, but she had underestimated the 
size of her father's cock.

"Fuck her, Daddy!" Becky shouted, her body warm and moist against 
Betsy's. She held her twin by the tits and kissed her whimpering mouth 
to silence, providing all the moral and physical support Betsy needed. 
"Ram her now! Oh, make her come with that big prick in her asshole!"

Half of Bob's prick was in his daughter's ass. Betsy was growing more 
and more aware of just how thick his cock actually was, and she 
strained to take it, unwilling to cry out like a baby and admit she 
wasn't up to fucking it.

Becky cupped her sister's cunt. Betsy moaned and shuddered, and through 
it all, her daddy's cock continued its journey up her asshole. He hit 
bottom, grunting, and his daughter squealed, but she knew now that she 
could take it--all of it! His balls banged against her cuntcrack and 
against Becky's cuddling hand as the tip of his cock fucked deep inside 
Betsy's shitchute.

"Oh, Daddy!" Betsy sighed. "I feel like I've died and gone straight to 
heaven!"

"Then how will you feel when I do this, baby?" her father asked, 
beginning to fuck his cock in and out of her greased-up asshole.

She screamed with each thrust, not caring if the whole fucking county 
could hear her. A fuck as fantastic as this was too good to keep inside 
herself!

Bob started fucking harder Her shitter had expanded to its limits now. 
She was excruciatingly tight around him, but not so tight that he 
couldn't keep on fucking, and not so tight that she could draw no 
pleasure from the feel of his meaty cock buried in her asshole.

Becky's hand continued to fondle her twin's creaming cunt, the fingers 
slipping into the pussyhole, heedless of the magic reaming it had 
gotten not so long ago from Nick's fist. Becky kissed her sister, 
slurping tongue across Betsy's face, and then she moved down to eat her 
sister's nipples, sucking until she could swear her mouth was full of 
squirting tit-milk, though that was impossible.

Becky took one of her twin's hands and put it in her own crotch. She 
winced at the entry of Betsy's finger up her own fist-raw pussy, but 
she took it like a trooper, then pulled the finger out and steered it 
to her own tingling asshole.

The slim finger ventured inside, screwing and reaming with a passion 
and fury that echoed the hard thrusts of Bob's cock up Betsy's shitter.

"Oh, Daddy, Daddy, Daddy!" Betsy cried. Becky punctuated the cries by 
thrusting her fingers deep into her twin's cunt, rubbing harder at the 
girl's totally aroused clit while she fingered Betsy. She could feel 
Bob's cock moving inside her twin's shitter, too, and the excited 
pulsation of his mighty cock caused Becky to tremble and moan with her 
own heightened arousal and desire.

Betsy exploded, and at almost the same moment, Daddy's giant cock 
surged and squirted deep into her asshole. The girl fell flat on the 
bed and her daddy's big body thumped down onto hers, his hips jerking 
as he fired off his huge load of cum. Her asshole filled almost 
immediately with his jizz, and each fresh stabbing gusher caused the 
already-spilled cum to squirt in dribbles around the root of his 
probing prick.

Then he pulled out of her, his cock wilting from the fury of its 
eruption, his spunk oozing from his daughter's stretched shithole.

Becky grabbed her father's cock, slapped her mouth onto it and began to 
suck with all the power she had in her.

"Don't go limp on me," she said, looking up at Bob with determined 
eyes. "You're gonna fuck me or you're gonna die!"

Her mouth nursed on his shit-stained cock. She moved it in and out, 
sucking, licking and nibbling his flesh until his prick quivered along 
her tongue and she could feel it beginning to surge with renewed spirit 
and life. Her lips tightened, and she sucked harder. He fucked into her 
throat, and she almost choked, but she could feel it--the power, the 
lust, the need--blossoming inside her mouth, her throat, thrilling 
Becky with the proof of her father's arousal.

She sucked up and down, gobbling his prick deeply and kissing his balls 
while she held it deep in her throat. His cock was rock-hard again, and 
as rigid as a board, and she had sucked every drop of cum from its 
coated length. Her lips moved up his prick, and she looked up at him, 
holding his fat, throbbing cock-knob just inside her mouth.

"That's so much better," she said, releasing him. "Oh, Daddy, I think 
you have the biggest, sweetest cock in the whole world!"

Betsy was still on her belly, panting and moaning, just beginning to 
come down from her orgasmic high. Becky envied her twin that sensation 
of total, fuck-released abandon, but she would know it herself in a few 
minutes, she was positive. Holding her daddy's cock in one possessive 
hand, she spread her sister's ass-cheeks and watched the oozing flow of 
Bob Kendall's cum leak from his daughter's shitter and flow down onto 
the crack of her cunt.

Becky leaned down and wiggled her tongue into her sister's ass. She 
lapped the spilled jism. She sucked the hot funky cockjuice from 
Betsy's asshole, then cleaned the leakage off her twin's cuntslit too. 
Her hand cuddled Bob's cock, and she could feel the big prick twitching 
passionately as her father watched her at work.

Her face was splattered with cum. She extended her tongue and licked 
the residue from her lips and chin.

"It tastes sooo good!" she whispered. "Now will you give me some of it, 
Daddy?"

Bob picked the girl up. She was like a pillow in his grip. He bent her 
back and crushed her mouth with a kiss. Becky stuck her cum-coated 
tongue into her daddy's mouth and wiggled it around, her fist still 
caressing his rock-hard cock.

"Fuck me up the ass, too, Daddy!" she moaned. "I've never let anybody 
fuck me up the ass, but I want you to do it to me right now! Just like 
you did to my sister!"

Betsy sat up, her heart pounding madly. She couldn't believe Becky was 
finally going to give it a try. She cupped her tits excitedly.

"Sit on the bed, Daddy," she said. "Let Becky ride you! I want to 
help!"

First she greased her twin's asshole, her finger pushing Vaseline into 
the opening while Becky squirmed and groaned in arousal. Then she gave 
her daddy some head, before smearing both palms with the lube and 
rubbing it thickly onto his cockshaft.

"I'm so excited!" she cried. "I've wanted to see her get it up the ass, 
like, forever!"

Becky straddled her father's legs. She had to stretch to fit over him, 
and she stood nervously above the tip of his hard prick.

"Spread 'em, baby!" Betsy said to her twin, holding Bob's cock in 
readiness.

Becky pulled hard on her asscheeks.

Betsy guided the tip of the cock to her twin's shithole. "C'mon, girl, 
you've gotta get it inside before you can get your asshole fucked! Move 
down--yeah--oh, baby, it's going to go in! Yes, yes, yesss!"

Becky screamed as the big, well-greased cock-knob fucked into the 
equally greasy opening of her ass. It was a lot different than having a 
finger inside her, but it seemed to enter her body almost as easily.

The cock-knob entered her, and she felt as if she were on fire. The 
sudden stretch of her primed but tight shithole was a burning shock. 
Then the cock-knob surged into Becky's asshole, and she stiffened atop 
her daddy.

"Oh, no, it hurts tooooo much!"

"It wouldn't be fun if it didn't," Betsy said, moving her lips to her 
twin's clit. She sucked and tongued the hard bud, then glided her mouth 
down to Becky's quivering pussycrack. Her tongue fucked inside, and 
Becky began to feel a soothing arousal from both her fuckholes. She 
relaxed a little atop Bob, and her asshole slid another half inch down 
over the impaling cock.

Betsy smiled. She lapped her sister's pussy, and Becky began to giggle 
in a remarkably silly sounding way. Betsy knew that giggle very well. 
Becky leaned back and up, raising her cunt to her naughty twin's mouth, 
and at the same time she took at least two more inches of her daddy's 
cock up her ass. Her eyes rounded at the feel of the big hard prick 
stuffed up her ass, but it didn't hurt nearly as much as she'd imagined 
it would.

Bob was holding her thighs up. She leaned back against him, pressing 
hard. His cock went deeper each time her body moved. She gasped 
suddenly, realizing that his prick was buried totally inside her. She 
felt as if a huge lump had risen up her throat and she couldn't swallow 
it, couldn't breathe around it, couldn't do anything except relish the 
feel of the swollen cock clogging her asshole while her cunt lay 
exposed, open, the victim of her twin's sex-hungry tongue and fingers.

"Oh, wow!" she sighed. "You guys are fucking meeeee!"

She began to move up and down on the cock. It still hurt, especially 
when it slipped out and then fucked in again, but it got better with 
every stroke.

Betsy rose upward, cupping her sister's tits, squeezing till the 
nipples stood out. She flicked them with her fingers while looking deep 
into Becky's eyes, and she bowed to take each nipple into her mouth, 
sucking as if she meant to draw milk from her twin's tits. Then she 
straightened up and pressed her pussy hard against Becky's, rubbing 
until her cunthair had scraped the interior of Becky's spread snatch. 
Her mouth covered Becky's, and she tongue-fucked her sister's throat.

Becky wrapped her legs around Betsy's body and drew her twin closer. 
Bob's hands were all over both girls. His mouth gnawed at Becky's neck 
with some of the same fury that his cock used on her asshole.

Bob moved backward, drawing the two girls with him, and now Becky lay 
flat atop her father while Betsy topped Becky and added her own body 
rhythm to the tempo of the fuck.

Each time Betsy pressed down with her cunt, the cock seemed to go 
deeper and deeper into her twin. She could feel the shuddering of 
Becky's aroused body, and she was doing some shuddering of her own, so 
totally aroused by this brand-new kind of sex thrill that she knew she 
was about to come all over again.

Becky screamed as the thrusts grew more and more insistent. Wetness 
oozed from her pussy.

"I'm commmmmingggggg!" she screamed suddenly. Sandwiched between two 
steaming bodies, she climaxed again and again.

"Now let's get Daddy off!" Betsy moaned, easing his cock out of her 
sister's shitter. "Poor Daddy! He's had such a workout, and I bet his 
poor old balls are just full of hot cum all over again!"

She dropped to her knees and angled Bob's cock into her mouth, sucking 
ravenously at its asshole-stained length. Becky, still quivering, 
joined her on the floor and reached for her own share of the hot hard 
cock. Betsy fed it over to her twin, watching with glittery eyes as 
Becky sucked the big prick down to the balls and held on as if she 
didn't intend to let go.

"Gimme some more!" Betsy snapped, fighting it free and taking over once 
more. Her tongue flip-flopped as the cock moved in and out of her 
mouth, while Becky knelt, tensely licking her lips and waiting for her 
own chance to snack on it again.

The two girls moved closer, close enough so they could share the cock 
between them, their mouths moving in unison up and down the trembling, 
saliva-soaked prickshaft. They kissed each other across the swollen 
purple cock-knob, trapping the prickhead between their mouths and 
drooling even more saliva onto its shining surface.

Betsy's fist was tight around the base of the cock, stroking in short, 
horny jerks as she and her twin continued to stimulate the cockhead. 
Suddenly, without the slightest warning, Bob let fly a thick gush of 
spunk. Becky caught it in her mouth and drank it down, her tongue 
flogging the prickhead in an effort to coax more juice from him.

Becky got the pricktip inside her lips and sucked it hard. Then she 
released it from her mouth, but she continued jerking on the cock-
shaft.

His jism sprayed their faces, and they giggled as they licked it from 
each other's skin. They kept on sucking until well after their father's 
cock had gone soft in their mouths.

"Well, Daddy," Betsy said, "are you still mad at us?"



Chapter 9


"Oh, Jesus, listen to them!" Jenny Kendall gasped, pacing the porch.

"I am listening," Nick said, hardly aware that he was holding his 
still-hard cock in one fist, squeezing it in rhythm with the sounds 
that came from the window up above. He tried to imagine what was going 
on in that bedroom.

"He's finally gotten what he wanted," Jenny said. "Goddamn it, he's 
fucking them! I hope he's happy!"

She stopped short in her pacing.

"And you're just as bad," she said, taking a couple of steps toward 
Nick. "Look at you--playing with your cock and wishing it was you, 
doing that stuff to my girls!"

Nick blushed, but he didn't let go of his cock. It seemed a little late 
for that.

Jenny came closer. "Men! All my life I've been around men who couldn't 
think any higher than their balls! Just like you! You came down here, 
and the only damn thing you wanted to do was fuck my girls and get me 
to help your dad out of a mess his fucking cock got him into in the 
first place! And there you sit, stroking your cock and looking at me 
like some kind of fool!"

"I'm sorry, Aunt Jenny," Nick said. "I don't know what else to do! 
Under the circumstances, I mean--"

"Oh, shut the fuck up!" Jenny moaned, edging onto the porch swing. She 
pushed his hand off his cock and replaced it with her own. Staring into 
his eyes, she began to stroke his prick up and down.

Nick took a deep breath and put his hands on Jenny's tits. She was 
braless under her thin blouse. Her tits, despite her age, were still 
firm enough that she didn't really need a bra. He massaged the full, 
firm mounds, feeling the nipples already hard and obvious against the 
fabric. Aunt Jenny closed her eyes as he toyed with her tits, and her 
fist tightened on her nephew's cock.

"Go ahead," she said. "I feel the same goddamn way!"

He unbuttoned her shirt and bared her tits. Her chest was pale against 
the tan of her face and arms, and the pink of her nipples was as 
delicate as a baby's skin. Nick leaned in and licked the nearest 
nipple, feeling the point come up hard against his tongue. He closed 
his lips and sucked it, while Aunt Jenny's hand grew more active on his 
prick.

The sounds from upstairs continued. Nick could recognize the sound of 
Becky moaning, and he wondered what Uncle Bob was doing to her. He 
wished he could crawl back up and take another peek. But something told 
him that he was about to get all he could handle, down here on the back 
porch.

"Horny bastard," Aunt Jenny said. "Just like your father."

But she didn't sound too displeased. She kissed Nick's mouth, her 
tongue wet and limber, and then she dropped her head down into his lap. 
The boy leaned back, almost tipping the swing over, as she took his 
cock into her mouth. Her lips tightened, and she gave him the same kind 
of hungry desperate sucking he'd gotten from her in the barn.

He slipped the shirt off her shoulders and filled his hands with her 
tits. She had a much better set of tits than either of her daughters.

"You like them, don't you?" Jenny asked, looking up from her nephew's 
prick. "Why don't you fuck them, then? Your daddy always enjoyed doing 
that."

Nick's eyebrows lifted.

Jenny just grinned and twisted on the swing, dropping a little lower so 
that he could lay his hard cock against her breastbone. She squeezed 
her tits together around his cock, and he began to fuck in and out of 
the pussy-like valley.

His prick moved up and down the soft, sweaty valley, and as he thrust 
forward, Jenny leaned down to lick and kiss the head of his hard cock. 
Sometimes she'd trap it inside her lips and suck it hungrily, then 
release it so he could fuck her tits again. It wasn't quite as 
satisfying as fucking her pussy, but there was a sensual thrill to the 
act of fucking his aunt between the tits that Nick found completely 
irresistible.

"Oh, damn it, this is making me too horny!" she gasped, releasing his 
cock from its tit-flesh prison.

She stood up and, her eyes fixed on the boy's face, unhooked her skirt 
and let it drop. Under it, she wore just a pair of simple white 
panties. Sweat had made them partly transparent, and Nick could see the 
shadow of her cunthair. Jenny tugged down her panties, and Nick felt a 
lurch of arousal in his cock as her pussybush came into sight.

She put her hands in her fluffy, gold-furred crotch, and she massaged 
her cunt. "I bet you'd like to fuck this, wouldn't you, boy?" she 
asked. "Well, it won't change things all that much. You still came down 
here trying to do me dirty, and you're still going to have to leave. 
But you might as well have some fun before you go."

She turned and went to the banister, planting her hands firmly atop it. 
Her ass protruded, and her legs were spread so far that Nick had no 
trouble seeing the crack of her cunt and the pink inside.

"Come over here and fuck me," his aunt said. "If my husband can fuck 
our girls without batting an eye, the least I can do is get my rocks 
off with you, boy."

He was on her in a flash.

Nick eased his prick into Jenny's cunt from the rear, fucking deep and 
hard on his first stroke. She gasped and lurched forward, then caught 
herself with a bracing grip on the banister. His cock met resistance 
inside her.

"You'll have to work for it," she said. "Now fuck me!"

He filled his hands with her tits, pawing them gleefully as he worked 
his cock in and out. She loosened with each additional stroke, and 
abruptly he was in her to the balls, feeling the juicy heat of her deep 
pussy. His cock wallowed in her steamy cunt and he closed his eyes, 
enjoying the feel of her body as it entrapped his prick.

"I really didn't mean to make you mad at me!" he whispered, holding her 
tits while he fucked her pussy. "It's just that dad was in such a bind 
over Cloris, and this was the only way out of it that he could think 
of--"

"I'm not mad!" Jenny panted, fucking harder and harder at him. "How 
could I be mad at a nephew like you, Nick? I just wish Barney had had 
the balls to come and tell me about it himself, instead of sending you 
to do his dirty work! That's not like him! Oohhhh, that cock of yours, 
boy! That reminds me a lot of your daddy!"

He fucked her hard, and her cunt was more than responsive as he banged 
in and out. She gripped at the banister and wiggled her ass around his 
thrusts.

"Give it to me, Nick--mmmm, you know what a woman needs, don't you? 
Maybe I should sell this place and move up to the big city where men 
are men and know how to fuck a woman!"

There was no resistance whatever in his aunt's cunt now. His cock 
fucked deep, hard, and true, all the way to her throbbing womb, and she 
moaned again with each thrust.

Nick's hands slid down and he frigged at her swollen, enormous cut as 
he fucked her. Aunt Jenny's body became moist with sweat as he fucked 
her from the rear, and he could feel the heat coming through the pores 
of her skin.

"Yes, Nick, oh, fuck, yes; make me come!" He fucked her again, stabbing 
furiously, and his fingers nipped at her bloated clit. The button was 
sloppy-wet and so juicy he could hardly hang onto it. His fingers 
slipped and slid over the glisteny protrusion, and even the fumbling 
hit Jenny where she lived. Her cunt began to squeeze back his cock, and 
he recognized the unmistakable signs of her climax.

"God, yesssss!" she wailed suddenly, a shrill cry they couldn't have 
helped hearing upstairs in the bedroom.

As she came, Nick pounded her with his cock, stirring the juices at the 
bottom of her pussy. He grabbed Jen's gorgeous big tits and mauled them 
as he fucked her climaxing cunt. Her fuck-juice coated his cock, and 
his balls throbbed with the need for release. But he wanted to give her 
something she'd remember every time his name came up, so with a sly 
grin, the boy yanked his cock out of his aunt's pussy and lifted its 
bloated head a half an inch. His cum-wet cockhead pressed for a moment 
at the mouth of his aunt's asshole.

Her head snapped around.

"You horny little bastard," she said. Reaching back, she pulled her 
asscheeks farther apart. "Stick it in, if that's your game! I'll tell 
you when I've had enough!"

Nick thrust, and his cock entered her.

Jenny groaned as the prick fucked into her shitter, but she took it 
like a woman, leaning forward against the banister as he filled her, 
then squirming to give his cock a ride it would not soon forget. She 
wiggled her ass from side to side as his cock fucked in and out of her, 
picking up speed with each successive thrust.

"Ooohhh, fuck my ass, boy!" she panted. "You remind me more of your 
father every time I fuck you!"

Nick grinned. He gave Aunt Jen's ass a stinging swat, and then he began 
to fuck her. He took control of the fuck, leading her deeper and deeper 
into the realm of anal pleasure. Her asshole expanded with each thrust, 
then tightened up a little as he pulled back--tightened up just enough 
to make his next thrust a distinctly pleasurable sensation. And he 
could tell she liked it too. She was leaning back to kiss him over her 
shoulder, and her hands covered his, on her tits, molding his fingers 
to the round swelling globes and her hard pink nipples.

Her tongue washed his lips. She sucked at his mouth, drooling saliva 
into it as her mouth dominated his. And his cock dominated her asshole, 
fucking it hard, mercilessly, passionately. She grunted each time he 
hit bottom in her shitter, but she clenched her ass muscles and begged 
the boy for more hard, hot prick.

She straightened up, and Nick held her tighter, still ramming her with 
his cock. He thought he could hear voices, but he couldn't stop fucking 
now, not even if Uncle Bob and his gun made another appearance on the 
scene.

"Jen? Nick?"

Nick stopped fucking. He couldn't get his cock out of Aunt Jen--he was 
trapped inside her hot tight asshole--but at least he did stop.

Standing in the yard, at the foot of the porch steps, was his father.

"Hello, Barney," Jennifer said, as cool as could be. She shifted her 
weight from one foot to the other, exerting an almost irresistible 
pressure upon the cock that was shoved up her ass.

Barney Owens was holding onto the steprail, staring in disbelief at his 
sister and his son, joined cock-to-ass in what could only be an 
incestuous sex act.

"Hi, Dad," Nick said, squeezing a little on his aunt's tits. "I was 
just trying to talk Aunt Jen into going along with your plan, you 
know?"

"Don't be so shocked, Barney," Jen said. "He isn't doing anything you 
never did to me, and you know it, you horny bastard!"

Barney cleared his throat.

"Jesus," he said. "The--uh--reason I drove down from Cleveland was, I 
wanted to tell Nick to forget about that stuff, I got the goods on 
Cloris. My lawyer found a guy she used to play around with, and the guy 
had videotapes. They cost me twenty thousand, but that's nothing 
compared to what she would have soaked me for. Now she's willing to 
settle for pocket change. Holy shit, I thought those tapes were wild, 
but this is--"

"This is just like old times, right, Barney?" His sister smiled, 
reaching down to cup and stroke the balls attached to the cock that 
filled her asshole. Nick sighed as she caressed him, and the tip of his 
cock moved upward into his aunt. She sighed a little.

A howling wail came from the window up above. Barney stepped back. He 
looked upward.

"What the hell was that?"

"It's just Bob," Jennifer said. "He's fucking one of the twins. Christ 
knows which. I can't tell their moans apart. Can you, Nick?"

"It sounds like Betsy," Nick said. "Becky's squeal is a little higher-
pitched when she's really into it."

"What the hell have you been doing down here, boy?" Barney asked. "I 
didn't send you down here to--"

"Oh, that doesn't matter!" Jen said. "Why don't you come up and join 
us, Barney? It's been a long time since you had your cock in me. At one 
time, I was the best piece of ass you'd ever had, and I bet I'm still 
in the top ten."

Barney came up the stairs slowly.

"We were just crazy kids, Jen," he said defensively, coming nearer. "I 
couldn't do anything like that to you now. For Christ's sake, Nick, 
will you stop fucking my sister while I'm trying to talk to her?"

Nick didn't answer. He didn't stop, either. "I think she's raping me, 
Dad," he said. Jen reached out and caught her brother's hand. She 
pulled, and he came nearer. She guided his hand to her wet, open cunt.

"Remember this?" she asked. She guided a finger inside her. "Does it 
still feel as good?"

Barney held his breath a moment, then leaned toward her. She put her 
other arm around his neck and pulled his face in closer.

"Least you can do is kiss me!" she whispered. "After all, you are 
fingerfucking me already!"

Her lips covered his, and her tongue began to fuck in and out of his 
mouth. He pressed closer, his body shoved against hers. Nick could feel 
the pressure.

"This is good stuff, Dad," he said. "You'd be a fool to pass it up."

His dad wasn't saying anything. Jen had to reach down and unzipped 
Barney's pants. The cock she pulled out was already stiff. Her fingers 
slid up and down the prickshaft. It was as long, as hard and as thick 
as she remembered from their teenaged games in the old barn. The only 
difference was that now she was old enough to know how much she wanted 
it, needed it. She skinned back the foreskin, baring the big cock-knob, 
and pulled it to the mouth of her pussy.

"Both of you at once," she said. "If Bob can fuck our daughters, I can 
damn sure fuck anybody I want to!"

Barney stiffened and thrust, burying his cock in his sister's pussy.

"Oh, yes!" she gasped as it filled her pussy, moving at almost the same 
moment as Nick's cock, stuffed up her asshole. The two males sandwiched 
her, father and son, and she was full of their fuckmeat.

Barney was more aroused than Jenny had thought possible. His cock was 
able to thrust into her only eight or ten times before it suddenly 
swelled inside her hot cunt and squirted her with a blistery load of 
cum. She gasped at the feel of his prick shooting off deep inside her, 
and she fucked hotly at him, taking every inch and every drop he gave 
her.

Through it all, Nick continued to fuck her asshole, but the excitement 
of sharing a woman with his father was obviously more than the boy 
could resist. His dad had hardly stopped coming when Nick's cock 
unloaded, too.

Jen moaned and shuddered, and then she too exploded, a throbbing orgasm 
that seemed to squeeze the marrow from her bones.

*   *   *

Up on the porch roof, peeking down over the eaves, Betsy and Becky 
stared in total disbelief at what was happening below them.

"I don't fuckin' believe this!" Becky gasped. "I always thought you 
lost interest in fucking when you got to be Mom's age," Betsy said.

Becky giggled and touched her raw asshole. "You sure don't lose 
interest when you get to be Daddy's age," she said. Her eyes lit up. 
"Did you get a load of the prick on Uncle Barney? Whoooeee! I bet my 
cute tits will make that thing of his get hard again faster than your 
cute ass will."

Betsy stuck out her tongue. "You got a bet, slut! What do I get when I 
win?"

"You can lick the shit off the next cock that fucks my asshole!" Becky 
cried. "Oh, Daddy!" She turned to the open bedroom window. "You oughta 
see what's happening on the porch! While you were so busy plowing our 
furrows, somebody else was plowing Mom's! I think you better get your 
gun loaded, real fast."

She smiled and swung out over the side of the roof. "And I'm not 
talking about that stupid old Magnum, either!"


The End




What A Sucking Mother! by Kathy Andrews


Chapter 1


Laura Nichols could see the crotch of the girl clearly.

If she could see so could Mike. Glancing at her son, she saw his eyes 
gleaming. He was peeking without shame between the smooth knees of 
Janey. The glance was quick. Mike sat beside Laura at the small table 
of the ice cream store. Janey was perhaps five feet away, sitting and 
talking with another girl.

Laura watched Janey closely, and soon realised the girl was fully aware 
of her exposure. Not only aware but intentionally making it obvious. 
She would laugh and giggle and squirm in the small white chair, 
spreading her knees in a way that would, to some, appear accidental in 
her exuberance. But Laura had seen those sparkling eyes peek at Mike.

Her son was fascinated with Janey, Laura knew. He had been for some 
months. It was easy to see why he was fascinated.

Janey was a beautiful girl, slender with honey-blonde hair and creamy 
skin. She was popular in school and seemed to be friendly with 
everyone. Her personality was bubbly and outgoing. Janey was the 
typical California girl, perhaps a bit more. She was well tanned, and 
her body exquisite.

At the moment, Janey wore a very tight light-blue T-shirt. Her 
succulent tits were moulded, outlined by the garment, and from the way 
her nipples protruded, Laura knew very well that she was not wearing a 
bra. Her tits were sweetly shaped. The skirt she wore must have came 
from the sixties, it was so short. But then, if any girl had the body 
for a micro skin, it was Janey. Her legs were long, slender, inviting 
the eye. The golden color of them testified to her love of sunshine.

Yes, it was understandable why her son was fascinated by Janey. Any boy 
would be, especially at Mike's age when the juices were running, his 
desires growing.

She vaguely wondered if Mike had ever fucked a girl. He was, to her, 
still quite young.

Gazing toward Janey, she saw the girl pretend to lose her balance on 
the chair. One leg shot out, and the whole of Janey's crotch became 
blatantly visible. The crotch of her panties seemed as tight as her T-
shirt, Laura thought. Her panties were a pale green.

Before she could stop herself, Laura glanced down at her son's lap, and 
noticed his cock was straining at his pants. An unexpected ripple moved 
up and down her spine, and she recognised it as erotic excitement. 
Shivering, she pulled her eyes from Mike's crotch and looked boldly at 
Janey.

Janey was the same age as Mike. They had grown up with each other, 
practically. Although they had not been all that close, each with 
separate friends, Laura saw the attraction between the two now. She 
thought Janey was somewhat of a tease, wearing her short shorts and 
those T-shirts that left nothing to the imagination. But she could not 
help liking the girl anyway. No one could help liking Janey.

The problem was, Janey's parents, who lived almost a block from their 
house, thought Laura was a wicked person. It was ridiculous, of course. 
Janey's parents were old-fashioned and, to them, any divorced woman was 
wicked. Their attitude failed to disturb Laura, however. On the other 
hand, it was this very attitude that seemed to keep her son and Janey 
apart.

Laura would not mind if her son had a girlfriend, a sweetheart. Puppy 
love could be so wonderful, she knew. So far, Mike showed no interest 
in any girl except Janey.

Laura found herself gazing steadily into the girl's dark eyes. There 
was heat in those eyes, she realised, and she wondered if Janey was 
really the tease she appeared to be. Those eyes were unashamed, quite 
bold. Janey moved the pink tip of her tongue over her full lips.

Laura shuddered and turned her eyes, finishing her ice cream and saying 
to her son: "Ready to leave, honey?"

Obviously Mike was not ready to go, but he obediently stood up and 
walked with her to the car. The shopping center was huge, and the 
parking area even larger. Laura felt her hand brush the back of Mike's 
as they walked, and a distinct tingle went through her.

Laura's skirt hiked up past her knees as she got in the car, and she 
left it there. She was not a prude, not by any means.

Mike was more preoccupied, than usual as they drove home. Laura knew 
very well he was thinking of Janey. And she could still see that crotch 
in her own mind. She was only slightly disturbed that she felt excited 
by it. The fact that her nipples were hard, her cunt pulsing gently 
between her thighs because of seeing Janey's crotch, was not in the 
least troublesome to Laura.

After arriving home, Mike immediately walked off down the sidewalk, 
mumbling about seeing some friends. Laura watched her son go, hands 
stuffed into his pockets and his head down. She knew he wanted to be 
alone, to think and possibly dream about Janey.

The house was comfortably cool, and she prepared herself a glass of 
instant iced tea. She was sipping it and twisting the dial on the radio 
when the knock on the door came.

"Why, hello, Janey," she said, surprised to see the girl. "If you're 
looking for my son, he ran off down the block someplace."

"Will he be home soon, Laura?" Janey's voice was soft, almost in a 
whispery, musical way.

Laura had always loved her voice. She wasn't sure when Mike would come 
home, but found herself saying: "Probably very soon. Would you like to 
come in and wait for him?"

"If it's no trouble."

"Trouble? Come on in and have some iced tea with me."

She fixed a tall glass of tea for Janey, feeling a strangeness within 
her, a warmth that was at the same time alien and exciting. When she 
returned to the living room, she found Janey sitting on the floor going 
through Mike's collection of records. Her legs were crossed, the creamy 
thighs revealed. Laura found herself sitting on the floor with Janey, 
and once again they gazed boldly at each other.

"You like me?" Janey asked in a whispery voice.

"Of course I like you, honey," Laura replied. "Just because of what 
your parents think of me, well ..."

"They're a couple of old farts," Janey said.

"I'm sure they're ..."

"No, Laura," Janey interrupted. "Everyone says it. They're so damned 
old- fashioned, they try to make me wear Mother Hubbard dresses. They 
have a fit when I wear this." She indicated her T- shirt and short 
skirt.

"I think you're lovely," Laura said, her voice oddly throaty.

"I saw the way you looked at me in the ice cream parlor, Laura," Janey 
said with that disturbing voice, her dark eyes bold as ever.

Laura jumped.

Janey had placed her palm on one of Laura's knees. She dropped her eyes 
down, looking at it, shivering. The hand felt unusually hot, as if it 
were searing her flesh.

"You liked what you saw," Janey said, making it a statement, and at the 
same time sliding her hand past Laura's knee. "So did Mike."

Laura felt herself trembling with a desire that was strange, a heat 
that grew inside her. She watched Janey's hand move higher, caressing 
in circles on her thigh now. There was an increase in her breathing 
rate, and she heard the gasping sounds of Janey's breath.

Janey then took Laura's hand and drew it toward her golden thigh. As 
her palm was placed halfway up that thigh, Laura felt a sudden lurching 
between her legs. Her cunt had swelled and was moist now, her clit 
throbbing. Janey was holding her wrist, moving her palm up and down the 
thigh.

Laura saw the crotch of those tight panties again, and heard the girl's 
soft sigh. Janey released her wrist, but Laura left her hand on that 
hot thigh, moving it slowly by herself now. They continued looking into 
each other's eyes, and Laura moved her hand higher. She felt the tight 
panties with the tips of her fingers, and Janey uncrossed her legs and 
spread them widely, leaning back and bracing herself with her hands.

"I like to be touched," Janey said in a low voice. "You want to touch 
me, don't you, Laura? The way you looked at me in the ice cream parlor, 
I know you want to touch me."

Laura couldn't seem to stop herself. Her fingers moved slowly about the 
crotch of Janey's panties, finding them moist. She traced the puffy 
cunt lips, then dragged her finger up and down the slit of her pussy. 
Janey mewled and twisted her ass on the floor.

Laura's palm cupped Janey's wet cunt.

She felt the heat of that succulent cunt burning into her hand, and she 
rubbed it gently, lightly. Janey whimpered with pleasure and began to 
grind her pussy slowly against Laura's hand.

Laura was not thinking of anything, only of the delight she felt at 
touching this sweet cunt.

Janey lifted her hips, bringing her cunt tighter into Laura's hand, 
mewling softly. "Mmmmm, you touch me so good, Laura. I love being 
touched this way."

Janey sprawled back on the floor, her arms lifted above her head, that 
honey-blonde hair fanning out around that sweet face. Laura was sitting 
between Janey's spread thighs, gazing hotly between them. She ran her 
hands, both of them now, up and down those creamy smooth thighs, 
feeling the trembling heat of that skin. She shoved the short skirt to 
Janey's hips, and stared at the slight bulge of the girl's cunt.

Before she knew it, Laura was leaning over, kissing just above a 
dimpled knee. Janey was twisting. her little ass about in pleasure, 
gurgling with delight. As she slipped her tongue out and began to lick 
at Janey's thigh, Laura felt her own pussy pulsing in a fiery desire. 
With her tongue lapping slowly along the thigh, she kept fondling the 
other. She found her lips gliding higher and higher on Janey's thigh 
then she was licking the soft, sensitive flesh only a few inches from 
that bubbling cunt. Shifting her face, Laura licked at the other thigh, 
her eyes closed with this ecstasy she was feeling.

Her tongue went up and down the girl's creamy thighs, licking mostly 
along the inner surfaces where it was most sensitive. Her hands moved 
up and down the outside, and over Janey's rounded hips. Janey was 
cooing and writhing her hips about, arching her pussy up.

The fresh, clean scent of Janey's cunt was sweet to Laura's senses, and 
she gazed for a moment at the bulge of that cunt. Again she stroked a 
fingertip up and down the crotch of the girl's tight panties.

A growl came from Laura's throat.

She shoved her mouth to Janey's crotch, sucking at her moist panties. 
She pulled at the panties with her white teeth, then lapped her tongue 
up and down, tasting the wetness of that delicious cunt through the 
thin panties.

"Ooooo," Janey moaned. "Mmmm ... ohhh, yes, Laura!"

Laura felt Janey's hands on her cheeks, trying to guide her lips and 
tongue. She felt the girl press her cunt into her mouth, and she began 
to lick with swift movements at those thin panties. Janey lifted her 
thighs and pressed them against Laura's face. The satiny feel of 
Janey's thighs on her face sent a tremble of intense desire rumbling 
about her body, and she whimpered into the girl's cunt.

Laura's hands moved under the teenager's lifted ass. She cupped Janey's 
ass cheeks, finding them tight and firm and fitting perfectly in her 
palms. Then her mouth was tasting the wetness of Janey's cunt.

The girl had pulled the crotch of her panties to one side, exposing her 
pussy to Laura's tongue and lips. Laura did not hesitate; she began to 
lick her tongue up and down the puffy cunt lips, tasting the sugary 
sweetness of this delightful girl.

She twisted her tongue about Janey's throbbing little clit, then closed 
her hot lips on it, sucking hard. Janey shoved her cunt harder in to 
Laura's face and began to grind.

"Oooo, inside me," Janey was pleading. "Ohhh, Laura, put your tongue 
inside me!"

Laura's tongue shot into Janey's cunt, feeling the honeyed cunt lips 
tighten. She thrust her tongue in and out, feeling Janey's cunt flex 
about it. She sucked at the seeping pussy juices, swallowing as her 
mouth filled. The slippery sweetness was delicious to Laura, and she 
plunged her tongue in and out like a cock, fucking Janey's cunt almost 
frantically, digging her fingers into that tight little ass. Janey 
gurgled and twisted, tossing her crotch up and down, rubbing her cunt 
into Laura's face with frenzied motions.

"Ahhh, lick me, Laura," Janey moaned in a sobbing, soft voice, grinding 
excitedly, "Oooo, lick me, lick me!"

Laura was now on her knees, her ass in the air, her face buried tightly 
into Janey's crotch, sucking and licking that sweet cunt. She waggled 
her ass when spasms of pleasure rippled through her cunt. She dug her 
fingers hard into the firm cheeks of Janey's ass, trying to shove her 
face as tightly as she could into the steaming cunt. Her tongue fucked 
in and out of those tight cunt lips, lapping about the rigid, throbbing 
cut. She was moaning softly as she sucked and licked Janey's cunt.

Janey, with her finger hooked into her panties to hold the crotch far 
to one side, pressed the back of Laura's head with the other hand, 
grinding her cunt ecstatically against the woman's sucking, licking 
mouth. Her hot thighs scissored about Laura's head. Waves of gentle 
orgasms were going off between Laura's thighs, her cunt convulsing in 
liquid heat. Wet sounds filled the living room as her tongue lapped 
furiously at Janey's tasty cunt.

She buried her tongue as deep as she could into the sugary, syrupy 
pussy, flicking it against the satiny cunt walls, feeling Janey's clit 
convulsing against her upper lip. Laura was thrilled to feel Janey's 
succulent cunt lips squeezing her tongue as she fucked it in and out. 
The sounds of Janey's sobbing voice as she came excited Laura as much 
as eating this pussy did.

"Oh, God!" Janey was whimpering. "Oh, God ... Oh, God! I'm coming, 
Laura! Oooooo, I'm coming ... so good ... so beautiful!"

Laura held the girl's twisting little ass tightly, feeling her ass 
cheeks flex in her hands as she fucked her tongue in and out of the 
spasming cunt. Her own pussy was going through a series of orgasms. Her 
body shook, her up thrust ass waving about as she came.

Laura held her mouth against Janey's cunt, feeling the girl starting to 
relax, her body going limp. She gently let Janey's ass down, then 
pulled her hands away. She lowered her own ass and sat back, leaning 
against the wall, her legs straight out before her. She was still 
shaking from the pleasure. Her cheeks and chin were wet from Janey's 
cunt, and her lips felt slightly puffy, bruised. She watched with 
heavy, unfocused eyes as Janey lay where she was, legs still spread. 
The crotch of her panties seemed pulled to one side by some invisible 
fingers. Laura saw the pale blonde cunt hair, the pink lips of that 
sweet cunt, and the tip of Janey's clit.

Finally Janey struggled up, crossing her legs again in front of her. 
Her dark eyes were sparkling and she was smiling happily.

"I know you wanted to lick me, Laura," she said in her soft, whispery 
voice. "I knew you would lick me when I saw the way you looked at me in 
the ice cream parlor."

That was more than Laura knew.

"I didn't come to see Mike," Janey went oh. "I came to see you."

Laura shivered, seeing those bold eyes, wondering how a girl so young 
could see and understand so much. She had felt excitement seeing 
Janey's panties in the ice cream parlor, of course, but ... eating her 
cunt? She had not intended to lick the young girl's pussy, not on a 
conscious level, anyway.

"My son is infatuated with you, Janey," Laura said, her voice strained. 
"He thinks he's in love with you."

"I know," Janey said. "Most of the guys think they're in love with me. 
I don't mind, not really. It's fun to have them look at me." She 
giggled--a naughty yet playful sound. "I see them get hard when they 
look at me."

"Then you are a little tease," Laura said, confirming her suspicion of 
Janey. "You like to tease, don't you, Janey?"

"Sure. Don't we all?" Janey said. "It makes me feel good to tease the 
guys."

"And ... women?"

"I didn't tease you, did I, Laura?"

Laura shook her head. "No, you certainly didn't."

"That's because I love being licked."

"Just licked?" Laura lifted her eyebrow. "That's all, just licked?"

"I think so," Janey said. "That's all I've done so far."

Laura looked at the girl, wondering who had licked that luscious cunt, 
but she didn't ask.

"My son will be home soon, I'm sure," she said, getting to her feet. "I 
better wash my face. He's a smart boy, and he'd know immediately where 
I've had it."

Janey bounced to her feet. "I'll come back later, Laura. It was you I 
really wanted to see anyway."

Before Laura could reply, Janey was gone.



Chapter 2

 Laura washed her face in her bathroom. She looked into the mirror, 
seeing a beautiful face there.

She had never eaten pussy before, yet she had willingly licked Janey's 
cunt. She had found the young girl irresistible, and she had shoved her 
face into that sweet cunt--not just eagerly, but hungrily.

There had been something about Janey that Laura had been unable to 
understand, an attraction she had never felt for a girl in her entire 
life. She wasn't sorry she had sucked that pussy, though--not a bit.

Laura had lovely dark hair, hair that shimmered in the sunlight. Her 
eyes, also dark, had a slight slant to them. She had full, sensual 
lips, and her neck was long. Her skin was unblemished, creamy the way 
Janey's was. Laura threw her shoulders back and looked critically at 
her tits. Nothing wrong with those, she thought.

There was nothing wrong with any part of her body. She could stand next 
to Janey any day, although there was about fifteen years' difference in 
their ages.

Laura lifted her skirt to her waist and looked at herself. She was 
wearing pantyhose, but no panties. The dark curls of her cunt showed 
clearly through the garment. Her hips were rounded-- her thighs 
straight and full, yet slim. She twisted her neck and peered over her 
shoulder. Her ass was very shapely, still as firm as it had been when 
she was Janey's age. The ass cheeks were full, rounded in an enticing 
way.

Smoothing her skirt, she thought there was certainly nothing wrong with 
what she had. All the goodies were in place.

Leaving the bathroom, she realised today was the first time Janey had 
actually visited her home in well over a year. Janey and Mike had 
played together when they were children, but as they became teenagers, 
they had drifted apart, finding other friends. But Mike was infatuated 
with Janey now, and Laura could see why.

Janey might be a tease, she thought, but that exquisite little blonde 
was one hot ass!

She was still thinking of Janey when her son came home. She kissed his 
cheek, as she usually did when he returned. She didn't kiss him as 
often as she did during the school days, now that it was summer. He was 
in and out so much during summer.

"You're sweaty, honey," she said. "Why don't you go take a shower? I'll 
bring you something nice and cold to drink."

"That's a good idea, Mom," he said.

She watched him go down the hail, her eyes on his ass. Mike was in 
tight jeans, the uniform of boys his age. She had never really looked 
at her son before, not his body, anyway. She found herself excited, a 
warmth between her thighs that she had never felt when looking at him 
before.

Shrugging, she went to the kitchen to get him a soft drink. When she 
carried the frosted glass to the bathroom, she could see his blurred 
form behind the shower doors. It was hazy, with steam rising, but her 
eyes caught the way his cock was protruding. She trembled as she placed 
the glass on the sink.

"Here it is, honey," she said.

"Okay, Mom."

She stood and looked through the translucent glass doors, her eyes 
fixed upon the outline of his cock there. She knew her son had a hard-
on, and she assumed he was remembering seeing Janey at the ice cream 
parlor.

Her breath caught in her throat.

Mike had placed his hand on his cock and it looked to her as if he were 
jacking off. She stood very still, very quietly, straining her eyes to 
see better. For a moment she thought he was washing his cock, but then 
his hand was moving too fast for that. He was actually jacking off, she 
realised, her mind burning with erotic thoughts. A stabbing, searing 
throb moved between her thighs, her cunt pulsing with a heat that was 
strong, the way it had when she sucked and licked Janey's young, tasty 
cunt.

Laura thought she would come, watching her son through those 
translucent doors.

She clutched her stomach as she tried to see his cock better, her 
nipple suddenly too sensitive for her bra and blouse. She was trying 
hard not to gasp, but one or two escaped from her lips.

She saw her son's hand hesitate on his cock then he began beating back 
and forth again, obviously jerking on his prick with a great deal of 
pleasure.

Laura could no longer stand there and watch him. She felt such a 
powerful urge to shove those damned doors open and grab his cock.

She moved into the hallway, leaning against the wall, her legs shaking 
and very weak. She stood there with her eyes closed, feeling the heat, 
the excitement in her pussy. Her eyes were closed, her nostrils flaring 
with desire.

She was not aware that the shower had stopped nor was she aware that 
her son had come out of the bathroom naked, dripping water on the 
carpet. She was not aware that he stood there looking at her, his cock 
still very hard and arching from his groin.

She felt his presence, though.

She opened her eyes and looked at Mike. His eyes were filled with hot 
desire, raking up and down his mother's body, seeing her swelling tits, 
her round hips. Laura could hardly breathe knowing something was about 
to happen, something they both suddenly wanted, yet feared.

She felt her son take her wrist, just as Janey had done. She felt her 
fingers on her son's cock, and Mike closed them around his prick. She 
felt her son's cock throbbing--felt the in tense hardness of it. She 
could not resist squeezing his prick, causing her son to moan with 
pleasure. Still looking into his young face, Laura moved her fist on 
his cock. She moved it slowly at first, then began to jack his cock 
faster, mewling softly, her hips twisting slightly. As she held her 
son's cock, jacking it, Mike brought his hands to her tits. His hands 
were wet, and she felt the dampness through her thin blouse. Mike 
squeezed his mother's tits, making Laura moan with pleasure.

Without a thought other than pleasure, Laura suddenly booked her other 
arm about her son's neck and pulled his mouth to hers. She pressed her 
hot wet lips against his, and kissed him strongly. She felt her son 
pressing his tongue into her mouth, and she began to suck it. Her fist 
tightened on his cock and she jerked frantically on it, eager to feel 
that hard prick. She felt her son's hands go down her back, and then he 
was feeling about her ass cheeks, working her skirt up.

"No," she moaned into his mouth. "Ohhh, no, please. We can't ... oh, 
Mike!"

Her son groaned, his fingers digging into her ass cheeks through the 
pantyhose. She pushed her tongue into his mouth, licking and thrusting 
hungrily, tasting him, squirming her crotch toward his cock. She shoved 
her son's prick between her thighs and closed them tightly, jerking her 
hips, sliding her boiling cunt slit along that rigid, beautiful, 
throbbing cock shaft.

She felt her pantyhose being jerked down to her knees. She somehow got 
them off her feet, and she eagerly went to the floor of the hallway as 
her son pressed at her shoulders. She spread her legs widely, her son 
between them. Mike shoved his mother's skirt to her waist, and Laura 
grasped his cock with frantic fingers, pulling his hard-on to her 
boiling cunt.

"Hurry!" she hissed. "Oh, God ... please hurry, Mike!"

She arched her crotch up and moaned softly as her son's cock penetrated 
her wet cunt. She thrust her crotch against him, feeling his hard cock 
fuck deep into her cunt. Then she began to thrash and churn her hips, 
fucking her son before he was spread on top of her. She clutched at his 
naked ass cheeks, grinding her cunt hard on his fucker, gurgling with 
mindless ecstasy. She felt her son's hands sliding up and down her 
twisting, grinding hips, then underneath to claw at her flexing, naked 
ass.

"Oh, God! Oh, God!" Laura wailed as her son began to pound his cock 
into her overheated cunt, fucking her very hard.

She felt her body being scooted along the carpet from the force of his 
plunging cock, her head hitting the baseboard. But she didn't care. She 
hunched her cunt up and down, fucking him in a frenzy, her mind boiling 
with the forbidden thing she and her son were doing. His cock felt so 
very long and thick in her cunt, fucking in and out with such 
swiftness, she thought the friction would actually cause her cunt to 
burst into flames.

She could feel his balls beating at her up turned, churning ass. She 
clawed at his ass, trying to take more and more of his hard cock into 
her greedy cunt. She banged harshly against him, not caring if she 
bruised her tender cunt lips. All she wanted was his cock fucking her 
pussy hard and fast.

"Oh, fuck me!" she screamed, her head tossing about, hair flying. "Fuck 
me, darling! Fuck me hard! Ohhh, baby ... oh, Mike! Fuck me, fuck me!"

She heard her son grunting as he buried his face into her shoulder, his 
hands drawing her ass up to meet his plunging cock. Her clit was being 
scraped by his steel-hard prick. Her cunt lips were stretching about 
his cock like a rubber band.

"Ooooo! Ohhhhh!" she wailed. "You're making me come! Ohhh, baby, 
darling, sweetheart! You're making mother come! Oh, God! My cunt ... my 
pussy ... I'm coming!"

Her cunt closed tightly about her son's thrusting cock, squeezing with 
tight, wet, steaming convulsions. She pushed her crotch hard into him, 
keeping his cock deep inside her gripping cunt. Laura continued to wail 
in mindless ecstasy, her cunt clenching in powerful, mind-shattering 
spasms.

Her son's cock swelled inside her pussy, throbbing even more. Then 
there was a hot gush as he came. His thick, white come flowed from his 
piss hole, splashing into her velvety cunt with rapid spurts, filling 
her pussy.

Laura clung to her son's ass while he spurted come juice into her cunt. 
Then, when he finished, when she felt the throbbing stop, she slowly 
allowed her ass to fall back to the floor.

Mike continued to lie on top of her, breathing hard and with a ragged 
sound. Laura caressed his naked back, feeling the muscles there, then 
ran her hands over his shivering ass cheeks again.

"My baby," she crooned. "My sweet, sweet baby. You were so hot, so very 
hot! I helped you, Mike. Mother helped you take care of that heat."

Mike stood up, looking down at his mother. Laura smiled fondly up at 
her son, seeing his cock and balls. He had plenty of hair about the 
base of his cock, but his balls were surprisingly devoid of hair. His 
cock and balls looked so beautiful to her, glistening with the juices 
of her cunt.

Mike gazed at his mother's slender thighs, her flat stomach, but mostly 
at the thick triangle of hair and the pink, wet lips of her cunt. Then 
he turned and went back into the bathroom.

Laura lay on the floor of the hall for a while, listening to the shower 
again. She hoped her son was not ashamed of fucking with her; she 
wasn't. She had needed his cock so much, especially after sucking 
Janey's young cunt, getting so hot and aroused that way.

She got to her feet, feeling weak. She felt her son's come juice 
seeping from her pussy and making the insides of her thighs slippery. 
The sensation felt good to her, and she walked into her own room, 
sitting on the bed and thinking about what she had done.

She felt no shame, no guilt--just a warm pleasure.

Twice in one day, she had done things that would never have entered her 
mind only a few hours ago. She had sucked a cunt for the first time in 
her life, and then fucked her son. She had fucked him frantically and 
with intense ecstasy, just as she had tongue-fucked Janey's succulent 
cunt!

It was getting close to dinnertime.

Laura had not realised how long she had been sitting there, her 
pantyhose still bunched in her hand. She had been trying to understand 
her feelings, why this had suddenly happened to her. No matter how hard 
she tried, she could find no sense of shame-- just that sweet ecstasy.

She heard movement and looked up to see her son in the doorway. She 
gave him a smile, a somewhat nervous smile, not knowing what his 
reaction would be to fucking her in the hallway.

Mike looked at her for a moment, a long, almost breathless moment, then 
he returned the smile.

"Mom, I don't know ..."

"Hush, darling," she whispered, lifting her hand to him. "Come here and 
sit beside me."

Mike sat next to his mother. He had pulled on a pair of tight jeans 
again, but his chest was bare.

"I know what caused it, darling," she said in a low voice. "You got 
excited at the ice cream parlor, looking at Janey."

Mike started to protest, but she stopped him.

"I know you did," she said. "I saw the same thing you saw. Under her 
short skirt ... her panties. It made you so excited you could hardly 
stand it. And I saw what you were doing in the shower."

"I know you saw that," Mike said. "I knew you were standing there when 
I did it."

"If you knew I was looking, honey, then why did you do that?"

"I don't know, Mom," he said, a bit shy. "I just wanted you to see me, 
I guess."

"And in the hall? Did you want to do that, too?"

She moved an arm around him, drawing his head onto her shoulder. With a 
slight movement, she rested her son's cheek against one tit. She heard 
him mumble a reply.

"I didn't hear you," she said.

"Yes, Mom," her son answered. "I wanted to do it awful bad. I couldn't 
help it. You're not mad at me, are you?"

Laura hugged her son tightly, pressing his face onto her straining tit. 
"Not in the least. I wanted it, too."

She felt her son's tongue touching lightly at her flesh where the 
blouse opened. She pulled his face closer, a soft sigh coming from her. 
She was pleased when he began to open her blouse. He wasn't hesitant, 
didn't seem at all worried about embarrassment or shame. She liked 
that.

After opening her blouse, he unhooked her bra, and her tits were bared. 
Mike pulled his face back, staring at her tits. Laura arched her 
shoulders, proudly thrusting her tits outward. Her nipples were very 
hard, standing up from the creaminess of her shapely tits. They burned 
and tingled, throbbing with desire once more.

"Can I ... touch them, Mom?" Mike asked, his voice trembling with 
emotion. "Can I?"

Laura did not reply in words. Her hand dropped to his lap and scooted 
up his thigh. She pressed her palm against his cock and balls, finding 
his prick swelling deliciously. Mike moaned and lowered his mouth. Now 
Laura moaned when her son licked at her nipples, flicking them ever so 
wetly. When he pulled a sensitive nipple into his wet, hot mouth, she 
sighed in pleasure and tried to squeeze his cock through his pants. 
They were very tight, and the best she could do was press, feel the 
outline of his cock.

"Mmmmm, baby," she whimpered as her son sucked her nipple deep into his 
mouth. "Ooohhh, suck my nipple, Mike! That feels so good, honey!"

As her son sucked vigorously at her tit, Laura fumbled frantically at 
his fly, wanting his precious cock in the open, standing up strong and 
beautiful, her fingers wrapped about it. As she opened his pants, Mike 
was digging his fingers into his mother's tit. Her cunt was pulsing 
hotly again as she managed to get his cock free. Closing her fist about 
her son's prick, she stroked it with tightening fingers, cooing softly. 
Mike's hand moved, and Laura felt it on her thigh. Pumping his cock, 
she spread her legs a bit and shivered while her son ran his hand under 
her skirt.

Mike, sucking hungrily at his mother's tit, slipped his hand beneath 
her skirt and up her thigh, finding the flesh smooth and soft, hot to 
his palm. Laura gurgled when his hand moved along the inner surface of 
her thigh where it was most sensitive to touch. She was whipping her 
fist up and down his throbbing cock swiftly by the time she felt his 
fingers brushing the thick hairs of her cunt.

"Oooo, baby, baby!" she moaned huskily, squeezing at his cock. "Ohhh, 
Mike, darling! Ahhh, yes, baby!"

She could hear him gasping as he filled his mouth with her rigid 
nipple, sucking as if he would like to take every inch of her shapely 
tit into his mouth. His tongue burned at her flesh as he licked with 
delightful flicks and flutterings. She began trying to shove her hand 
into his pants, wanting to feel his sweet, precious, balls. But his 
jeans were too tight. She gripped his cock again and beat up and down 
with a tight, eager fist, finding the swollen cock head moist as her 
thumb brushed across the top. He was dripping, and the slippery juices 
on her thumb sent tremors of ecstasy shooting up and down her spine.

"Baby," she whispered, squeezing his cock, "Let me ... let me take my 
clothes off."

Her son pulled his mouth from her tit. Laura felt the cool air caress 
her burning wet nipple, and it caused her to shiver with eagerness.

Mike remained sitting next to his mother, gazing with his hungry eyes, 
looking at her swollen tits as she removed her blouse. For a moment 
Laura sat, naked from her waist up, tits sweetly revealed, enjoying the 
way her son stared at them. His hand was still underneath her skirt, 
and she gently shoved it away. Unzipping the skirt, she lifted her ass 
and shoved. The skirt fell to the floor, and she was naked before him. 
She looked at his cock standing out of his tight jeans, saw the smooth 
swollen cock head, the moistness at the piss hole. Her cunt seemed to 
steam and twitch between her thighs.

"You, too," she whispered in a husky voice. "You take yours off, too."

Mike had to stand to shove his pants down. Laura saw him shaking, his 
eyes hardly leaving her tits. Her eyes followed his hands, and as he 
dropped his tight jeans, she gave a soft, sobbing sound of eager 
delight.

Laura lay back ...



Chapter 3

 Laura's head rested on a pillow, her dark hair fanning about her face 
as she looked up at her son standing near the bed. Although she was on 
her back, her tits seemed to stand upward, not flattening out like many 
women's tits would. Her nipples aimed at the ceiling, the dark circles 
at the base contrasting erotically with the creamy whiteness of her 
flesh. She lay still as her son looked over her body. Her hands rested 
near her hips, her fingers moved slowly against the sheet.

Mike's eyes were glassy with heat as he looked from his mother's tits 
to her flat stomach and dimpled belly button. Then he gazed at her 
thick triangle of cunt hair.

Laura's cunt hair was thick in the center, but more sparse out toward 
her hips. There was a thin, dark line of hair to her belly button. Her 
thighs were closed. As her son looked, Laura slowly parted them. She 
heard her son's soft gasp when she had her legs wide. Mike stared 
between them, seeing the pink lips of his mother's cunt. Laura's pussy 
was glistening with wetness, pulsing, her clit poking from between 
those sweet, moist folds of pussy meat.

Mike's cock jerked.

As her son looked over her body, Laura was looking at his cock and 
balls. Mike's prick was long and thick, the cock head very round and 
pink. Thick, wiry hair was at the base of his prick, and his balls 
dangling below appeared to be full, deliciously full. Her palm itched 
to caress those balls, to hear her son moan with pleasure. But she 
didn't touch him yet. She allowed her son to look at her body as long 
as he wanted, sensing his excitement, his desire, his hunger.

When he placed a knee on her bed, she moved her hand, sliding it up his 
thigh until she had his balls finally in her palm.  Mike remained 
poised there, grunting as his mother fondled his tender balls. Laura 
gurgled softly as she watched her hand play with him. She twisted 
gently, pulling on his balls, watching his cock jerk up and down.

She spread her legs as widely as she could, arching her cunt up with a 
tight grinding motion. Mike could not resist touching her pussy. Laura 
sobbed with desire as her son rubbed his fingers up and down her 
boiling cunt slit, agitating her rigid clit and then stabbing a middle 
finger into her clenching cunt.

"Oooo," she whimpered when he began to finger-fuck her. She released 
his balls and grasped his cock again, jerking swiftly as he fucked his 
finger in and out of her pussy. Laura held her hips up, swinging her 
crotch about as his finger moved back and forth. "Ahhh, you make me 
feel so good, darling. It's been so long since anyone has made me feel 
this good."

Her son was growing eager. She felt his cock pulsing with youthful 
power, and her cunt closed tightly around his finger. She pulled at 
him.

"Come on, Mike," she gasped. "Do it! Do it to me now!"

Mike was not at all nervous as he moved between his mother's thighs. He 
was so excited, his body was shaking, but he wasn't nervous. His eyes 
seemed to devour her hairy cunt, as though he couldn't look at it long 
enough. Laura lifted her ass, arching her crotch to him, holding her 
arms up.

"Come on, baby," she hissed throatily. "Come on and do it to mother! 
Ooo, you're so hard, and I'm so wet! Put it in me, Mike! Ohhh, put it 
in me!"

Laura's hand went to his wick, grasping it as she lifted her cunt. She 
felt the swollen head of her son's cock contact her steamy cunt. With a 
sob of delight, she ran the drooling tip of his prick up and down her 
scalding wet cunt lips, smashing it against her throbbing clit.

She felt his thick cock head part the lips of her sensitive cunt, and 
again she sobbed. Mike slipped his cock into his mother's cunt slowly, 
fighting to control the impulse to stab quick and hard. Laura sucked in 
air desperately, her teeth clenched and her eyes hazy with misty 
pleasure. She dug her fingers into his hips as he fucked into her 
pussy, holding her crotch high for him. Her pussy stretched about his 
hard cock like a rubber band, and she could feel each and every ridge 
of his hard prick, feel the swollen cock head filling her cunt.

She did not know he was fucked fully into her pussy until his balls 
touched the upturned cheeks of her ass. She gave a squeal and pulled 
hard at his hips, her cunt pulsating tightly about his throbbing cock. 
Neither moved for a while. Mike was braced with his hands on each side 
of her shoulders, looking down into his mother's hot eyes. They stared 
at each other for some time, his cock buried deep into her hot pussy.

Then Laura moved. Her hips moved slowly, then she pumped up and down, 
riding her son's cock as he knelt, gazing into her eyes. Laura fucked 
her son slowly, feeling the heat and ecstasy grow within her body.

"You, too," she hissed up at him. "You move, too, darling."

Mike moved, his hips going up and down, meeting his mother's cunt. 
Laura slid her hands from her son's hips to the cheeks of his ass, her 
fingers clawing as she pulled, trying to suck his cock deeper into her 
fiery cunt.

Unlike the wild fuck in the hallway, they fucked slowly this time, each 
savouring the pleasure to the fullest. They did not speak, only grunted 
and moaned and whimpered. Mike let his weight down onto her, his chest 
smashing her rounded, spongy tits almost flat. He drew his mother into 
his arms as his ass began to bounce, his cock fucking in and out of her 
cunt with wet ease.

Laura could feel every fuck-thrust of his prick, feel his precious 
balls against her hot ass cheeks. She closed her smooth thighs about 
her son's hips, scissoring her legs, slowly, thrilled with the contact 
of their flesh, of his cock penetrating her cunt so willingly, so 
eagerly. It felt as if her son's flesh was searing hers, melting her 
tits from her body. He had his face buried into her neck and shoulder 
and his hot, gasping breath felt so good on her flesh. She rolled and 
twisted her ass, humping up and down with him. She closed her legs 
about his thighs, locking her ankles and squeezing his moving hips.

"Oh, Mom! Ooooohhh, Mom!" Mike began to pant, slipping his hands down 
her back, over the grinding cheeks of her ass, cupping those naked ass 
mounds to lift her cunt tighter to his cock.

"Yes, baby!" she hissed, unable to resist the motion, the heat of 
ecstatic sensations forcing her to fuck harder and faster, to devour 
his thick cock with her hungry cunt. "Oh, God, yes!"

Mike, too, could not hold a slow pace.

He began to plunge up and down furiously, his cock fucking deep into 
her gripping cunt, his balls beating upon her squirming ass. His 
fingers dug into her ass cheeks as he fucked faster. Laura squeezed her 
son's tight ass cheeks with her fingers, grinding and churning beneath 
him now. They were both panting with the effort, both with contorted 
faces as they raced to orgasm. Laura's pussy was searing the taut flesh 
of her son's cock, the wetness clinging to him as she thrust her cunt 
wildly against him, her sobs of delight growing louder as they fucked.

"Oooohhh!" Laura screamed. The orgasm struck her with the force of 
lightning. She fucked her cunt hard on his cock, her crotch jerking up 
and down. "I'm coming! I'm coming!"

Mike plunged hard into his mother's clamping cunt, the undulating 
contractions sucking at his cock. His balls writhed and pulled tightly 
at the base of his prick, and he fucked furiously now.

"Now! Now!" Laura screamed. "Do it now, Mike! Come ... oh, come in me!"

With a loud grunt, Mike plunged his cock hard into his mother's pussy. 
The powerful pulsing of his prick was felt by Laura, and so was the 
exquisite gush of his come juice. She whimpered as her pussy gripped 
his squirting cock, the contractions of her increasing orgasm sucking 
his prick like a hot, hungry mouth. Her cunt drew his come juice from 
his balls with greedy sucking movements.

Laura ran her hands up and down her son back as he rested on top of 
her, her thighs still brushing his hips. She had never felt so alive, 
so vibrant after a fuck as she did now. Her cunt still squeezed his 
cock in the glow of her ecstasy.

After a while, Mike slipped his cock from his mother's cunt and sat on 
the edge of the bed. Laura wiggled her body and stretched, arms above 
her head, tits thrust out. She smiled at him. "Was I good, Mike?"

He grinned, nodding.

"Janey makes you so damned hot, doesn't she?" Laura murmured as she 
stroked her son's thigh. "Just looking at her makes you so hot, you 
want to jack off constantly."

Mike agreed with his mother.

"Don't I make you hot, honey?"

Mike nodded his head. "Yeah, Mom."

"You don't have to look at her to get so hot." she said, fondling his 
balls again, "and suffer any more, do you? You can fuck me!"

Mike laughed, agreeing with her. Laura squeezed his balls. "You don't 
mind if I say fuck?"

He shook his head, his grin spreading over his face. He brushed the 
curls of her cunt hair gently. Laura wondered if she should tell her 
son about Janey, of her coming there earlier, of what she had done with 
the girl. She decided it wasn't the right time.

"You'd love to fuck Janey, wouldn't you, Mike?"

"You know it, Mom," he said enthusiastically. "Me and every boy in 
town. She knows it, too, but she's only a tease. I don't think Janey 
will fu-fuck." He stammered on the word, a slight flush on his cheeks.

"You don't have to be embarrassed about saying fuck," she said softly. 
"We have no secrets from each other, not any more."

Her son chuckled and cupped her cunt. "You're sure wet, Mom."

"I should be," she laughed. "I think you came about ten gallons in me. 
You sure were ready for some pussy!"

"I gotta pee," Mike said, getting to his feet. He stood and looked at 
her for a moment.

Laura twisted her hips about sensually for him, cupping her tits and 
licking her lips. "Go pee, and hurry back," she whispered, her eyes 
glowing with desire once more.

While he was in the bathroom, Laura turned onto her stomach, cradling 
her head in her arms. She thought of Janey, of eating her succulent 
cunt. It had been quite a day for Laura, getting a cunt in her face and 
fucking her son ... quite a day!

Mike was wrong, she thought. Janey was not a tease, she was one hot 
piece of ass. Perhaps Laura could help her son. After getting her cunt 
sucked, Janey should be willing to take Mike's cock into that young, 
tight, sugary pussy. Janey would be back, Laura knew. She would be back 
because she had enjoyed having that syrupy cunt tongue-fucked and 
licked.

Mike had come from the bathroom and stood watching his mother's ass. 
Her rounded ass cheeks clenched and relaxed, and she wiggled her hips 
in an exciting way. Seeing his mother's creamy ass caused his cock to 
lift again, and before long he had a tremendous hard-on.

Laura, not yet realising her son was back from the bathroom, lifted her 
shapely ass, drawing her knees under her body. She arched her ass into 
the air, shoved her hand between her thighs and rubbed at her cunt, 
tasting the sweetness of Janey's pussy juices again in her mind.

Mike gazed at his mother's naked ass, watching her round ass cheeks 
split. He leaned a bit and looked at her hand rubbing her hair-framed 
cunt lips, seeing the wet pinkness and just above, her tightly puckered 
asshole. He listened to his mother's soft whimpers of self-induced 
pleasure, and gripped his cock with a tight fist. He watched as her 
finger slipped in and out of her cunt, then slid up to rub lightly 
about her asshole, only to return to her pussy, agitating her clit. He 
was fascinated to see this, especially since it was his mother doing 
it.

Laura's back was bowed as she arched her creamy, naked ass into the 
air, her cheek against the bed. Her eyes were closed and she was 
licking her lips as she tasted Janey's cunt in her mind again. Her 
naked ass twisted lewdly.

Mike, on a sudden impulse, brushed his lips across one smooth cheek of 
his mother's ass.

"Oooo," Laura moaned when she felt her son's lips on her ass. "Oh, 
lovely, darling."

Her son kissed her ass cheek, then slipped his mouth across the split 
to kiss the other one. His tongue ran up and down the shivering flesh, 
making Laura squeal softly and waggle her ass invitingly to her son.

Mike climbed onto the bed with his mother, his cock held tightly in his 
fist, He looked at the way her hairy cunt pooched from her thighs, and 
shoved his cock against her pussy.

"Ahhh, yes, Mike," Laura gurgled. "Fuck me again, darling. Oooo, fuck 
mother's cunt!"

On his knees behind her, Mike stared down past the split of her ass 
cheeks, watching his cock slide into her steamy cunt, seeing her 
asshole flex in delight. With the head of his cock inside her pussy, he 
placed his hands on her hips and moved forward slowly, wanting to see 
his cock disappear into that hot wetness.

"You're so hot, Mom!" he gasped, his cock fully into her cunt now. "So 
hot and wet!"

"I am, baby!" she squealed, rocking her uplifted ass. "I'm hot and wet 
for you, for your cock! Ohhh, fuck me, honey! Fuck me deep and hard 
and--ahhhh, Fuck my wet cunt!"

She began hunching her back, throwing her naked ass against his cock, 
fucking him. Mike stared down with excited fascination, watching his 
mother fucking on his cock. Her dark pussy hairs and her puffy cunt 
lips banged at the base of his prick, and her asshole flexed and winked 
at him. He caressed the creamy cheeks of her ass while she began to 
churn her ass about, fucking him while he knelt there, unmoving, 
thrilled to see what her cunt was doing to his cock.

"Uh ... uh ... ohhh! Uh, uh!" Laura grunted and sobbed as she fucked 
her son. She plunged her upturned ass back and forth, her hands now 
above her head, clawing at the bedspread, her eyes closed and her face 
showing the ecstasy she felt. "Oooo, fuck that cunt, Mike! Fuck 
mother's cunt ... fuck my hot, hairy cunt! Ream my pussy with that 
sweet, sweet cock! Ohhh, I love that hard prick, Mike! I love your hard 
cock ... fucking my wet, hot cunt!"

Mike finally began to move. He held his mother's hips tightly, 
thrusting his cock into hr cunt as she slammed back hard against him. 
He could see the glistening juices of her cunt on the shaft of his 
prick, feel the intense heat of her pussy, feel the hot grip of those 
hairy cunt lips.

Laura reached between her parted knees and grabbed his swinging balls, 
holding them tightly, desperately, as if afraid he would jerk his cock 
from her pussy. She tossed and twisted her upturned naked ass in 
violent motions, gurgling as the ecstasy swelled inside her overheated 
body.

Mike was fucking his mother's cunt harshly now, unable to slow his 
movements. His mother's cunt was just too hot, too wet, too tight 
around his swollen, throbbing prick.

"Harder, harder!" Laura yelped, her ass cheeks slapping against his 
lower stomach. "Fuck me harder, Mike! Ohhh, fuck my cunt hard! Bang the 
piss out of my hot cunt! Go deep ... deep! Ahhh, baby, baby! Your cock 
fills mother's cunt so deliciously ... stretches my hairy cunt so 
beautifully! Fuck it, fuck it, fuck it!"

Mike was grunting with his vigorous efforts. His eyes were glazed, but 
he could still see his mother's lurching ass.

"I'm gonna fuck it, Mom!" he growled. "I'm gonna fuck your hot cunt 
good! I'm gonna fuck your pussy and come in it and fuck and- -fuck, 
fuck, fuck!"

"Yes, yes!" Laura screamed loudly, tossing her heated ass about with 
wild motions. "Ram that cock to me ... ram me! Ohhh, fuck that hot 
cunt, darling!"

His stomach smacking against her ass created an intense erotic sound, 
and she felt her cunt closing tightly about his throbbing cock. Again 
she screamed, this time as she came. Her orgasm was strong, very 
strong, and it caused her cunt to grip her son's cock so hard he had to 
exert extra effort to keep fucking.

The waves of orgasms rippling through her sent the hot, liquid ecstasy 
to her son's cock, and he slammed into her cunt very hard, his body 
stiff now. He threw back his head and yelled. Laura pulled hard on his 
balls, feeling his gushing come juice spurt into her starving cunt with 
a force she never felt before. He gushed so strongly she thought she 
could taste his come juice in her throat. And the splashing of his come 
juice against the velvety walls of her boiling cunt sent another even 
more powerful orgasm tearing through her naked body.

"Oh, again!" Laura yelped, grinding her ass lewdly against her son. 
"I'm coming again! Ohhh, so fucking sweet!"

Her cunt drained her son's balls until she felt as if he had unleashed 
a flood up her pussy. She moaned a protest as he pulled out. Her ass 
was still in the air, moving slowly as the glow of her pleasure 
lingered. Then she slipped her legs down, stretching out on the bed, 
the cheeks of her ass quivering gently.

"Mmmmmm, I love it, darling," she mewled, turning her face to look at 
him. She stroked his wet cock affectionately. "I love fucking more than 
anything in this world. You have a wonderful cock, Mike."

"You don't have such a bad cunt, Mom," he said, excited to use such 
words with her. "Nice, hot cunt. I like all that pussy hair, too. Are 
we gonna be fucking all the time now, Mom?"

"Ooo, I hope so!" she giggled, covering his cock and balls with her 
hand and squeezing softly. "I sure hope we fuck all the time now!"

"I'd still like to fuck that Janey," Mike said, his breathing slowing 
somewhat.

"I know you would, baby," Laura murmured sleepily, not at all jealous. 
"I know you would love to fuck her little cunt. Maybe you can."

"Aw, she just teases a guy, Mom."

"Mmmm, maybe," she murmured, closing her eyes, feeling heavy with 
sleep. "We'll talk about it later. Come on, lie down here with me and 
let's take a nap.

Mike lay next to his mother, one thigh thrown over her creamy ass, his 
hand cupping one of her spongy tits.



Chapter 4

 Janey stood at the door when Laura opened it. Laura had never seen 
anyone so beautiful, so exquisite and desirable. Janey wore a bright-
yellow sundress, with narrow straps across her shoulders. Her lovely, 
shapely tits were very noticeable, and the hem hung almost to her 
sweetly dimpled knees. The skirt was wide and flaring, with lace trim.

"Mike isn't here," Laura said, even though she knew Janey had not come 
to see her son, but her.

"I know, Laura," Janey said in her whispery voice, a voice that sent 
shivers of ecstasy up and down Laura's spine. "I saw him leave."

Laura opened the door wider to let Janey slip into the house.

"I waited across the street for half an hour," Janey said, reaching for 
Laura. "I got so anxious to be with you, Laura ... so hot."

Laura could not resist the sweet, exquisite girl. She pulled her close, 
cupping her smooth ass cheeks and lifting Janey's face to her mouth. 
Kissing the girl, Laura thought there were no other lips like this in 
the world. They were soft and moist, sweet as honey. She kissed Janey, 
then licked the tip of her tongue about the girl's lips. Janey mewled 
softly and pressed her lower body against Laura, squirming with eager 
hunger.

Laura felt Janey's hands moving about her back, sliding down to cup her 
ass cheeks.

"Mmmmm, nice," Janey cooed, lifting her eyes to Laura's. "I love the 
way you kiss me. It makes me tingle all the way down, in my cunt."

Laura wore shorts, shorts that exposed her thighs to perfection. A 
tight halter concealed her thrusting tits. Janey stepped back and gazed 
at Laura's body, those young eyes glowing with steamy desire. Laura 
wanted to gather the girl into her arms and devour her, to lick and 
taste her sweet pussy, to eat her up.

"You're beautiful today, Laura," Janey whispered. "But you're always so 
beautiful. Your thighs are really exciting to me."

Laura felt the touch of a hot hand on her thigh. She mewled with 
pleasure. Janey stroked between Laura's thighs, her touch feathery 
light. Then she cupped Laura's cunt, applying pressure.

"Oh, Janey!" Laura bubbled, holding the girl's shoulders. "We better 
sit down or something. My legs are shaking so badly I might fall."

Janey giggled and pulled her hand from Laura's crotch. "Can we go to 
your bedroom, Laura?" she asked in that soft exciting voice.

Without a word, Laura took the girl's hand and walked down the hall 
with her. She stood in the center of the bedroom, watching Janey 
undress. She was delighted at the young girl's total lack of 
inhibitions. Laura had never felt there was any place for shame when it 
came to a hot cunt or a hard cock. She felt her pussy pulsing as she 
watched Janey undress in her sweetly innocent way.

Those fine, creamy tits were exposed, the pink nipples showing hard 
desire. As the dress dropped, Laura saw the bikini panties hugging 
those curvaceous hips. Janey's succulent cunt made a tantalising, 
inviting, bulge against the thin fabric. For a  moment Janey stood in 
her tight panties, her eyes hot as she gazed at Laura.

"You, too," Janey said in her soft voice.

Laura dropped her halter, her tits springing free. Janey gazed at those 
long brown nipples, then came to Laura. Laura stood almost a head 
taller than the girl and Janey hardly had to bend as her tongue began 
to swirl about Laura's nipples, licking the smooth curvature of her 
springy tits. Then the girl's hot wet mouth closed on Laura's sensitive 
nipple, sucking softly but hungrily. Laura caressed the soft, blonde 
hair, closing her eyes as sweet ecstasy started flowing through her 
body.

Janey sucked at Laura's tits, going from one tit to the other, moaning 
in a soft, excited manner, her hands gliding up and down Laura's 
shivering ass cheeks, the backs of her thighs. Then Laura felt Janey's 
thighs around one of hers, that little cunt pressing and rubbing, the 
heat like a searing blast on her flesh.

After a while, Janey pulled free and moved toward her bed, her eyes 
smouldering. She peeled her panties from her hips and turned to get 
onto the bed. The sweetness of that young ass excited Laura, and she 
quickly unzipped her shorts and stepped out of them.

Janey stared at the hairiness of Laura's pussy, licking her lips. She 
rested on her elbow and lifted one long, slender thigh, making sure her 
cunt was exposed to Laura. The pale blonde hair shimmered as sunlight 
came through the window, and Laura saw the wetness on that sugary cunt.

"You like my pussy, Laura?" Janey whispered, rubbing at her cunt with 
the tips of her fingers. "You like eating my cunt? Was my cunt hot and 
sweet on your mouth yesterday?"

"Oh, God, Janey!" Laura sobbed with desire. "I loved eating your cunt! 
Oh, yes, your cunt is sweet, so fucking sweet, just like honey!"

"Do you want to suck my cunt again, Laura?"

Laura nodded, overcome by the intense, erotic appeal of that syrupy 
young cunt.

"Would you let me ... let me sit on your face, Laura?"

"Baby, you can ... Laura whimpered, sitting on the bed and stroking the 
inner sweetness of Janey's thigh, watching the girl penetrate her own 
cunt with a finger. "Oh, darling, you can do anything you want! You can 
sit on my face any time you want to!"

"Ooooo!" Janey mewled, her eyes glazed in passion. "I've never done 
that before, Laura. But I've always wanted to sit on a face."

Laura stretched out beside Janey. "You can now, darling," she murmured, 
amazed at herself. She had never tasted a cunt until recently and here 
she was so damned hungry to taste Janey's sweet pussy again. But then, 
she had never fucked her son, either, before. And she had fucked him 
eagerly, the last time this morning before they got out of bed. "Sit on 
my face, Janey. Sit on my face all you want!"

Janey got on her knees, her naked body so lovely, so downright 
kissable. When she flung a leg over Laura's shoulders, Laura gazed 
hotly between them. That pink cunt glistened, the tiny cut throbbing, 
the pale blonde hair very sparse. Janey arched her hips, looking down 
as she pulled the lips of her cunt apart a few inches above Laura's 
face. Laura licked her lips with anticipation. Janey moved her thighs 
against Laura's head and lowered her cunt.

"Mmmmm!" Laura gurgled as her lips brushed that wet pussy. She kissed 
Janey's cunt softly, then shoved her tongue out to lick at the wet, 
slippery cunt lips. She twirled her tongue about Janey's clit, making 
the girl cry out with delight.

Laura ran her hands up those slim thighs and hips, around to feel the 
trembling cheeks of that small, exciting ass.

"Oooooo, nice," Janey whimpered, rubbing her cunt back and forth now 
into Laura's face, smearing her face with the seeping pussy juices. 
"Ahhhh, kiss my cunt, Laura! Ohhh, I just love to have my cunt kissed 
... licked ... sucked!"

As Janey rubbed her bubbling cunt about her face, Laura shot her tongue 
into it, feeling the wet heat of those sweet pussy lips close about it. 
She fucked her tongue back and forth, lapping with her mouth wide, 
letting it fill with the sugary juices of Janey's exquisite pussy. She 
held the firm, shapely ass with both hands, not protesting as Janey 
pressed her cunt hard, grinding into her mouth. Her nose was in those 
soft, pale- blonde cunt hairs, her top lip pressing at the throbbing, 
knotted clit, her bottom lip near Janey's asshole.

"Oooo, so deep!" Janey wailed, grinding her cunt into Laura's sucking 
mouth. "You shove your tongue so deep in my cunt, Laura! Ahhh, I love 
it when you fuck that tongue deep in my pussy!"

The tightness, the heat, the wetness of Janey's cunt in her mouth 
caused Laura's pussy to bubble hotly. She squirmed her naked ass on the 
bed, whimpering into the girl's cunt. Laura's clit was now intensely 
swollen, and she tried to reach it with her fingers. Janey, 
understanding, reached back and began to twist and pinch at Laura's 
clit, causing Laura to jerk her hips up, sucking with a desperate 
hunger at the girl's succulent pussy.

"Ooo, you're gonna have me coming soon, Laura!" Janey squealed, pulling 
her hand away from Laura's pussy to grip her own small tits hard.

She shoved her cunt down into Laura's mouth hard, jerking her hips back 
and forth. She had her blonde head thrown back, her sweet face showing 
the intense ecstasy she felt. Laura thrust her tongue deeply, looking 
up with hot eyes, watching Janey squeeze those small tits.

She felt Janey's pussy contract about her tongue, then the  gripping 
waves sucked it as Janey came. As she came, Janey's lips jerked back 
and forth, causing Laura's tongue to slide about the convulsing pussy 
lips. She tasted the spasming clit and tried to close her lips about 
it, to suck on it as the girl came, but Janey tossed and twisted so 
furiously, Laura's tongue and lips were all over that luscious pussy. 
Squeals of ecstasy burst from Janey, her fingers digging into her own 
tender tits in a cruel manner.

And then she fell from Laura's face.

Laura let her go, her face smeared from forehead to chin with sweet 
juices from that exquisite cunt. She ran her hand down to her pussy now 
that she could reach it and began to thrust a finger violently into her 
cunt, fucking herself as she stared between the girl's widely spread 
thighs.

"Ohhhh! Oooooo!" Laura murmured, arching her cunt onto her finger. She 
was so boiling hot and her orgasm was so near. "Ahhh, I want to come! 
I've got to come!"

Janey sat up, looking at Laura clawing at her cunt. With a lewd giggle, 
she leaned over and kissed Laura's wet mouth, then began to lick at her 
cheeks, licking away all the pussy juice that lingered on her face.

She slipped her small hand down Laura's trembling stomach, and Laura 
grasped her wrist, plunging the girl's fingers into her cunt.

"Make me come!" Laura yelled, her voice thick with desire. "Make me 
come! Ohhh, my cunt is so fucking hot, Janey! Finger- fuck me ... make 
me come!"

Janey fucked her finger swiftly into Laura's cunt. Laura thrashed her 
hips about, jerking them up and down, her head twisting, dark hair 
flying as the ecstasy increased. She jerked her crotch up and down 
mindlessly, wildly, frantically. She balled her fists tightly and beat 
at the bed with the urgency to come.

"Do it, Laura!" Janey was squealing, fucking two fingers into Laura's 
cunt.

A screech of pure, steamy ecstasy escaped from Laura as she came. The 
force of her orgasm was so strong her hips lurched upward. The lips of 
her hairy cunt sucked at Janey's plunging fingers as her naked body 
became very stiff, her back arched and her cunt thrust very high.

"Oh, God!" Laura moaned as her hips fell to the bed. "Oh, God! That was 
so strong, Janey. I've never come so strongly before."

Janey giggled, caressing Laura's spongy tits, twisting and pulling her 
nipples. "I'm glad it was strong, Laura," she whispered. "I know you 
like me and what we're doing with each other when you came so strong."

"Why shouldn't I like you?"

"Because everyone calls me a tease, and I'm not a tease."

"I should know that better than anyone," Laura said, still gasping 
slightly from her orgasm. "No, honey, you're not a tease at all."

"One of these days I'm gonna fuck," Janey said, "but it has to be with 
the right guy. I'm not gonna let any of those turds hanging around fuck 
me!"

"What about my son?" Laura asked.

"I like Mike," Janey replied. "He's good looking and he don't come 
around pawing on me all the time like those assholes. They're always 
trying to hit on me, and I'm gonna kick some balls one of these days."

"Maybe you should be a bit more careful what you show, Janey. A guy 
sees all this and he wants some. A girl can get a terrible reputation 
that way."

"I guess I'm just that way, Laura," Janey said. "I can't help it. I get 
so fucking hot. I have to be careful around my folks, though. They're 
such old-fashioned farts."

Janey had been caressing Laura's body as they talked, and Laura could 
not get over how erotic she felt. She would love very much to see her 
son fuck this delightful girl, watch his cock slide into that tight, 
young, hot cunt. But Janey might not want her to watch. Yet, Laura 
sensed Janey wouldn't mind at all. Watching would add to the 
excitement, Laura knew.

But how to get her to let Mike fuck her?

Janey said she had never fucked before, and then she said she was going 
to when she found the right guy. Laura thought her son would be--should 
be--that guy.

"Turn over," Janey asked in a whisper.

Laura rolled to her stomach, and felt those hot little hands stroking 
her thighs, then caressing the cheeks of her ass.

"There's something about your ass that I like," Janey was saying. 
"Maybe I'm freaky, but I love to look at a woman's ass. Especially 
yours. You have such a round, tight, beautiful ass, Laura." Laura 
shivered when she felt the girl's hot, wet lips brushing the cheeks of 
her ass. Soft mewls came from the girl as she kissed and loved on her 
ass. Laura wiggled with pleasure. The flick of Janey's tongue on the 
cheeks of her ass caused a fiery sensation between her thighs.

She could not help but wonder about Janey. The girl was so blatantly 
erotic, so oral, so hungry for sex. But it seemed to be for cunt more 
than cock. At least for the time being. Laura wondered how a girl, at 
such a young age, could become such an erotic little creature. Then she 
remembered her son, his hard cock fucking her pussy. Mike was no older 
than Janey.

Janey's tongue was licking up and down her thighs now, and Laura 
wiggled her ass when the tongue dragged up one swelling ass cheek, then 
across to the other. She grunted. Janey had dragged her tongue along 
the deep crack of her ass.

"Ohhh, not there, honey," Laura protested, but in a mild way.

"Why not?" Janey asked innocently. "I told you I love a beautiful, 
rounded ass like yours."

And before Laura could react, Janey shoved her tongue into the crack of 
her ass, darting it deep once, then jerking it away.

"Bring your knees under," Janey said.

Feeling very lewd, Laura pulled her knees under her stomach the way she 
had when her son fucked her from behind. Janey scooted behind Laura's 
uplifted ass, her fingers caressing the hairy lips of her cunt.

"You were good to me, Laura," she heard the girl say. "You let me sit 
on your face, and I wanted to do that for along time. Now I'm going to 
do something for you."

"You don't have to do anything to me, Janey," Laura said, but her voice 
lacked conviction. She was ready, eager, to have her cunt sucked and 
licked by this sweet young girl.

Janey looked at Laura's cunt, her ass, and then pressed her lips 
against that hairy pussy. She kissed Laura's cunt from behind, and 
Laura felt her nose against her asshole. When Janey's tongue slithered 
into her cunt, she didn't care where that nose was. She arched her back 
and thrust her cunt and ass back into that beautiful young face, 
mewling softly.

Janey began to lap her tongue up and down Laura's pussy, licking the 
puffy cunt lips, fucking her tongue into Laura's cunt.

Janey's hot breath seared Laura's ass, and she arched even more, trying 
to press her cunt into that sucking, licking mouth. And Janey drew 
back, her breathing heavy and loud in the bedroom. She stared at 
Laura's asshole, and suddenly pressed her mouth between the woman's 
creamy ass cheeks.

"Oh!" Laura yelped, feeling Janey's lips against her asshole, that 
wicked little tongue licking frantically, going up and down, pressing 
into her ass.

Janey shoved her tongue hard against Laura's asshole, sucking with her 
lips, fucking a finger into the hairy cunt below.

"Ooo, fuck my asshole!" Laura gurgled, no longer minding where that 
sweet tongue was. "Oh, lick my ass, Janey!"

"You like it?" Janey asked in an excited voice. Then she rammed her 
mouth against the ass pucker again, her tongue shoving hard.

Laura could not prevent the girl's tongue from fucking up her ass, nor 
did she want to.

Janey thrust her tongue deep into Laura's asshole, and her finger kept 
fucking at her throbbing cunt. Laura began to twist her ass into the 
girl's face, moaning with the lewdness of what Janey was doing to her.

When the orgasms came, they tore through Laura's naked body like a 
tornado. She shook violently. But as Laura started coming, Janey pulled 
her tongue out of her asshole, gazing at her with hot eyes. She plunged 
her finger into Laura's climaxing cunt, and then stabbed a finger from 
her other hand into that gripping tight asshole. Laura wailed with the 
unexpected ecstasy, throwing her ass back into the girl's hands as she 
came. She was screaming loudly, her mind reeling from the double 
fucking of her cunt and asshole at the same time.

Janey kept up her relentless finger fucking of Laura's cunt and asshole 
until she felt the gripping spasms stop, and then she pulled her 
fingers free.

"You liked it!" Janey gurgled hotly. "You liked it when I shoved my 
tongue up your ass, didn't you, Laura?"

Laura, weak and gasping, lowered her hips to the bed, turning over onto 
her back and looking at the excited young girl.

"You ... oh, Janey!" she sighed as Janey fell across her, the girl's 
tits crashing into hers. Laura kissed that sweet mouth.

"I've wanted to do that for so long," Janey said as she relaxed next to 
Laura, holding her hand tightly. "I told you I love a beautiful ass."

"Not to mention cunt, huh?" Laura laughed.

"That too," Janey giggled. "You taste real good, Laura."

"You have a sweet little cunt, too."

"I'd like for us to eat each other again," Janey said, "but your son 
will be coming home soon. We can't let him catch us licking cunts."

"Why not?" Laura grinned impishly. "He might want a taste, too." She 
watched Janey dress, the girl taking her time and dressing and in a 
teasing way, her eyes flashing mischievously.

"That might be fun," Janey said. "Laura ... would you let Mike fuck 
you?"

Laura started to tell the girl she had already fucked her son, but she 
sensed a bargain in the making. "Why do you ask such a thing, Janey?"

"Well," Janey said, her eyes impish. "If you'll fuck him, I might let 
him fuck me, too!"

"You don't know how happy that would make my son, fucking you."

"Will you?" Janey insisted.

"Will you?" Laura countered.

"I will if you will," Janey giggled.

"Why do you want me to fuck my son?"

"Because I think it would be exciting to see your son's cock in your 
hairy cunt, that's why."

"But what if Mike won't go for that?" Laura said, teasing the girl, 
knowing very well her son would go for anything.

"Then I'll just have to find another guy to fuck me," Janey replied.

"You hot little cunt!" Laura laughed.

"What won't you do, anyway? Talking to me about incest, fucking my son, 
watching his cock in my cunt, eating my asshole ..."

"I'll do anything," Janey said. "Anything that's fun and makes my cunt 
feel good."

"Get out of here before I tongue that pussy again," Laura teased.

She watched Janey go, wondering how the girl could go so long without 
getting her hot ass fucked. She was not a tease under any 
circumstances. She just wanted the right boy to fuck her and, 
apparently, she wanted the fucking to be witnessed.

"Little show-off twat," she said to herself, going into the bathroom 
for a shower. It felt as if Janey's tongue was still up her asshole, it 
throbbed so nicely.



Chapter 5

 The more Laura learned about Janey, the more she was convinced the 
girl was an exhibitionist. Not that it bothered Laura in the least. If 
Janey was that way, if that was how she got her kicks, who was Laura to 
say it was wrong?

"If it feel good, do it." The old saying was quite appropriate to 
Laura. "And it sure feels good!" she whispered.

She had finished with her bath and was in her panties, walking around, 
savouring the still-tingling pleasure in her body, waiting for Mike to 
come home. Laura was going to bring her son and the exquisite Janey 
together, not just to get the little girl fucked, but to provide 
happiness for her son, too. It was possible. All she had to do was 
agree to let Janey watch her son fuck her.

And why not do it?

Would it be any different fucking Mike with Janey present than the way 
it was now? The only difference would be the added pleasure of having 
Janey with them, in the same room, in the same bed ... being licked ... 
fucked ... and sucking her son's cock ... eating that honey-sweet cunt.

The visions in her inflamed mind sent tremors of anticipatory ecstasy 
burning through Laura's body. As to having Janey watch her fuck her 
son, Laura didn't mind that in the least. It would be fun, exciting, to 
have the pretty little girl looking on, perhaps involved.

Laura wondered if she should tell Mike about Janey now, or if it would 
be best to surprise him. She knew if she told him, he would want to get 
the girl into the house immediately, maybe do something rash. Best to 
give him a surprise later, she decided ...

By the time her son returned, Laura's cunt was bubbling with heated 
excitement again. When he entered the door, she was on him quickly, 
hugging him tightly against her naked tits and grinding her cunt 
against his body. She kissed him wetly.

"Some greeting for a guy that never got many kisses before, Mom," he 
said, laughing in her arms. He looked at her when she re leased him. 
His mother's face was flushed with desire. "And in panties only! I like 
that,"

"I knew you would," she said in a thickening voice.

Mike's cock began to strain against his pants, and her eyed focused on 
his cock-bulge. "And I like seeing what it does to you, darling," she 
murmured.

Laura ran her hand over his hardening cock, kissing him again, shoving 
her tongue into his mouth. She shivered in pleasure when her son ran 
his hand over the curve of her ass, squeezing for a moment. She 
clutched her son's ass and pulled his cock-bulge against her thigh, I 
remembering how Janey had rubbed her hot little cunt there earlier. A 
flaring cock-hunger suddenly boiled within Laura's body. She dropped to 
her knees quickly in front of her son, opening his pants with eager 
fingers.

"You need it real bad, Mom," Mike said, looking down at her beautiful 
face as he leaned against the door.

"Oh, yes, honey! I need it now!"

She pulled his cock from his pants, her eyes hot as she looked at his 
fucker, stroking it with both hands. She sighed and mewled, and finally 
opened his belt and jerked his pants down to his feet. She cradled his 
precious balls with one hand and jacked him with the other. Darting 
forward, she lifted his bails and rubbed them about her face.

Her eyes boiled up into his questioning face. She giggled softly. "You 
know what I want, don't you, darling?"

"Are you going to ... Mom, do you like doing that, too?"

"Oooo, I love it!" she squealed, kissing at his balls, sliding her hot, 
wet lips up and down the shaft of his throbbing cock. "I love the feel 
of a cock inside my mouth, Mike. I like the hot, hard taste of a prick 
between my lips. I love to suck cock, darling!"

Laura shoved her mouth onto her son's cock quickly, with a low moan of 
ecstasy coming from her throat. She held his prick in her mouth 
lovingly, her tongue pressing his cock head to the roof of her mouth, 
feeling it throb, sending her emotions soaring with hungry pleasure. 
She tasted the juices dripping from his piss hole, loving the way that 
sweet liquid coated her tongue, burning it. When her son placed his 
hands on her cheeks, it increased her mindless desire to suck his cock.

Laura, with hot whimpers, darted her face forward, taking his cock 
deeply into her wet mouth. Her lips pressed into the wiry hair at the 
base of his cock and she held him there her throat working, her lips 
writhing, her tongue pressing. She drew his balls to her chin and held 
them, thrilling to the beat on her flesh.

She began to suck him, pushing and pulling her lips on his cock, 
moaning softly, twisting her head about.

"Oh, Mom!" Mike gurgled as he watched his mother face bobbing on his 
cock. "Your mouth is so fucking hot, so, fucking wet! Ohhh, I like it 
... I like it, Mom!"

Laura felt her son's body trembling and his cock jerking inside her 
mouth. She snaked from his cock and stroked it with her hand, grinning 
lewdly and hotly up at him.

"You should like it, honey," she whispered throatily. "My mouth is 
almost like my cunt, isn't it?"

Mike nodded. "But still different."

"Of course," she agreed. "I can do a lot more with my lips and tongue 
on a cock than my cunt can, you know." She squeezed his cock, watching 
a bead of liquid bubble from his piss hole. She flicked her tongue out 
and licked it away. "Fuck my mouth, Mike! Fuck me in my hot mouth!"

Mike began to gasp, his fucking motions almost jerky now. Laura clung 
to his cock with wet lips, prepared to hold his ass forward tightly if 
he tried to pull away when he came.

With a sudden yelp, Mike fucked his cock forward, the urge to push at 
the moment of coming very strong. Laura groaned hotly.

His cock spurted come.

Laura felt and tasted the thick sweetness gushing from his piss hole, 
flowing over her tongue. She gurgled wetly as his come juice flooded 
into her hungry mouth.

The hot taste of her son's come juice coating her tongue sent a ripple 
of ecstasy through Laura's body. It was such a strong ripple, her cunt 
seemed to explode with an impossible convulsion. She moaned as she 
came, her ass shaking. She sucked powerfully on her son's come-
squirting cock with a hot hunger that came from a long period of not 
having a cock in her mouth. The taste of his come juice was sweet, like 
fresh honey. His come rolled down her throat, leaving a trail of 
burning pleasure. Her eyes were closed, her face flushed with the 
intensity of her pleasure.

Time and again her son's cock spurted come, filling her mouth until the 
thick white fuck juice seeped from the corners of her tight lips, 
flowing onto her chin. Laura held her son's cock deep inside her mouth, 
her lips at the base, twisting heatedly as he came. Even when he 
stopped coming into her mouth, she didn't want to let his cock go. She 
made soft whimpering sounds as he started pulling his prick from her 
clinging lips.

"Ohhh, Mom," Mike gasped, leaning against the door, his legs rubbery. 
"Ohhh, that was as good as fucking your pussy!"

She nuzzled at his damp cock and balls, rubbing them about her chin. 
"You mean it wasn't better? I thought I was a damned good cock-sucker, 
darling."

"You are!" he panted. "You are a damned good cock-sucker, Mom."

"And just how would you know?" she teased, kissing the tip of his cock 
and standing up. "How many girls have had this in their mouth? Enough 
so you can compare?"

"Aw, Mom, You know I've never had a blow-job."

"I know. I was just being mean."

Mike stepped out of his pants when she told him it was time for dinner. 
They sat and ate, with Laura's tits beautifully naked. She wished she 
had sat closer to him at the table so she could play with his cock and 
balls during dinner.

"Have you seen Janey lately?" she asked him.

He frowned. "You know, that's strange, Mom," he said. "I usually see 
her at the park, or somewhere. But the past few days she's 
disappeared."

Laura smiled, knowing very well where the little girl was when he was 
running around, trying to find her.

"I wouldn't worry about it," she said. "Janey will show up again when 
she wants to."

"I'm not worried about her, Mom," he said, but the tone of his voice 
told her he missed the girl. "Besides, who wants her when I've got 
you."

"That's right," she agreed. "It's better to fuck me than dream about 
her. Right?"

"Right!"

"And you're full of shit," she teased. "You still want her little cunt 
so bad you'd do anything to fuck her."

Mike grinned at his mother. "I'd probably drink a few gallons of her 
piss just to see where it came from."

"Naughty, naughty," she laughed. "That was old when I was your age." 
"One thing," he said, "all this talk gives me a hard-on." He stood and 
showed his mother. His cock was, again, jutting out so deliciously 
hard.

"Then we better take care of it, don't you think?"

She stood and closed her fingers about his cock and, leaving the dishes 
on the table, she pulled her son to the bedroom by his prick.

"Fuck or suck?" she asked, arching her brows in what she thought would 
be a professional invitation.

Her son giggled. "You don't look like a whore, Mom. You just look silly 
trying to act that way."

"And you know what a whore looks like, do you?" She grabbed his cock 
and jerked it swiftly. "What else do you know? Are you doing things I 
don't know about? Maybe I should cut back on your allowance if some 
fucking whore is getting it."

"I don't know any whores, Mom," he said, sprawling on the bed, "and you 
know that"

"Just teasing, baby. I'll be your whore if you think you want one. I 
can do anything a whore can do, and better."

"I believe it!" he laughed when she grabbed his cock and began to 
squeeze it.

Laura leaned over her son's cock, flicking her tongue about the smooth 
cock head. She felt his hand sliding up her thigh as she licked up and 
down the throbbing prick shaft. When he pulled at her panties, dragging 
them down, she sucked his cock into her mouth for the second time.

She got up and let her son take her panties from her feet. She then lay 
back on the bed, her head at his feet. Spreading her thighs, she 
watched her son gaze between them at her hair-lined cunt.

"Want to fuck that pussy a bit, darling?" she asked as she writhed her 
ass. "Come on, put that lovely hard-on up mother's cunt for a while."

As he moved between her thighs, she took his cock in her hand and 
fitted that sweetly swollen cock head between the lips of her hairy 
cunt. She sucked in air as his cock flicked into her pussy, stretching 
those sensitive cunt lips, going very deep. She lifted her crotch when 
his balls touched the cheeks of her ass, and began to hump up and down 
with him.

"God, I love to fuck you, Mike!" she hissed hotly, caressing his hips 
with her hands, closing her hot thighs against his. "I love that cock 
up my cunt, fucking me! I'd rather fuck you than anyone else in the 
world!"

He stabbed his cock far up his mother's cunt, fucking hard. He enjoyed 
hearing his mother say that, it increased his passion.

Laura drew her knees back, touching her tits with them, holding them 
wide, arching her crotch up to him, looking down and trying to watch 
his cock penetrate her steamy pussy. His balls slapped against her 
uplifted ass.

"Fuck my tits," she whimpered.

"Huh?"

"Fuck my tits, darling," she asked again. "Bring your cock up here and 
fuck my tits."

Laura's eyes glazed hotly as she saw his glistening cock sliding up 
over her trembling stomach. He straddled her, his cock leaving a wet 
trail of moisture along her flesh. She took his prick in her hand and 
rubbed the dripping piss hole about her tits, going from nipple to 
nipple, her chin against her neck to watch. She tried to press one of 
her nipples into his piss hole, mewling with the contact. Then she 
placed his cock in the hot, smooth valley between her tits and closed 
them about his prick.

"Fuck mother's tits," she hissed. "Ooo, your cock feels so good between 
my tits! Fuck me this way, Mike! Fuck my tits!"

Mike leaned over his mother's head, looking down as his cock fucked in 
and out of the hot, smooth valley. As the cock head slipped past her 
tits, Laura tried to lick at it with her tongue. She managed to swipe 
lightly across his prick, but could not get it into her mouth.

"Oooooo, fuck me! Fuck my tits!" she crooned, her eyes wild with desire 
as she watched his cock move back and forth. The wetness of her cunt 
lingered on his cock, making it slippery. She squirmed her naked ass on 
the bed, her cunt bubbling with heat. She closed and opened her long 
thighs, creating pressure against her knotted clit.

Mike began to fuck faster, sliding his cock back and forth as she held 
her tits tightly around it. His balls slid along her tit flesh, 
exciting her so much she shoved a hand around his leg and grasped his 
balls from behind. Laura gurgled with heat as she watched his cock, her 
tits tingling.

Suddenly she turned her tits loose, pleading with her son in a thick 
voice.

"Jack it off, darling! Jack your beautiful cock off! Come on, jerk off 
for me!"

Mike gripped his cock and began to pound it frantically. Laura stared 
with steamy eyes, watching his balls swing while he jacked on his 
prick. The head of his cock was swelling larger as he beat on it.

"In my mouth!" she shouted, clutching her son's ass with both hands. 
"Come in my mouth!"

Mike started to shove his cock into his mother's mouth, but she stopped 
him.

"No, jack off into my mouth!"

The words were hardly said when the boy came.

Laura's mouth was wide open, her tongue protruding as far as she could 
get it. The thick come juice gushed from his piss hole and filled her 
mouth. Laura's eyes almost closed with the ecstasy of having her son 
jack off into her mouth.

The head of his cock was a couple of inches away and every drop of his 
come juice landed either on her tongue or inside her open mouth. She 
held his come juice there until he finished, then she swallowed it, 
mewling with pleasure. She ran the tip of her tongue over his wet piss 
hole, lapping away a dripping bead of come--then she let her head rest 
on the bed.

"I told you I'd be your whore," she said.

"Do whores do that, Mom?"

She giggled. "I don't know what whores do, baby. I just do what I enjoy 
doing."



Chapter 6

 Laura and her son lay in her bed, talking, discussing what they had 
been doing. It happened so suddenly, both were still somewhat awed, but 
excited, too.

Mike stroked his mother's body, feeling every inch of it, discovering 
what a woman felt like, looked like. Laura was pleased to let her son 
look her over, touch her where he wanted. She enjoyed being caressed 
and touched, and it had been a long time since she had felt hands on 
her other than her own. Their passion remained at a high pitch, seeming 
never to cool. Neither wanted it to cool, they wanted it to stay hot 
and sweet.

She lay on her stomach while her son caressed her ass cheeks, squeezing 
them and then fondling her creamy thighs. His hands were gentle on her, 
and she squirmed and writhed beneath those exciting hands. Again she 
thought about telling Mike of Janey, thinking it was cruel of her to 
keep it a secret. But she knew his pleasure would be greater if he 
could discover them together.

His hands were sending exciting shocks through her flesh, making her 
tits burn and tingle, her cunt throb and her ass flex. She trembled 
with the increasing heat of desire, grinding her cunt into the mattress 
as he kept squeezing the cheeks of her shapely ass, stroking her 
thighs, sliding his hand between them to touch her inflamed cunt now 
and then.

Laura felt her son pull the cheeks of her ass apart to peer between 
them. She remembered the delight Janey's wicked hot tongue had given 
her, fucking in and out of her asshole. When her son brushed his 
fingertip about the tight pucker, she mewled and twisted her ass, 
arching up slightly, silently urging him to shove his finger into her 
ass. But Mike didn't understand the  movement of his mother's shapely 
ass and simply rubbed his finger about her asshole.

Laura moved her hand about until she found his cock, and she stroked 
his prick while he teased her asshole. He was so young and so full of 
vitality and energy, his cock seemed to be in a constant state of 
hardness, and she delighted in that. She felt the moist head of his 
cock against her hip, and smeared the seeping cock juices against her 
flesh, making soft sounds of pleasure deep in her throat.

Without saying anything, Laura pulled her knees beneath her body, 
arching her rounded ass into the air. She arched her back so that her 
hairy cunt protruded. She felt her son move, and had to release his 
cock as he sat behind her. She felt him feeling around her hairy cunt, 
tracing the outline of her puffy pussy lips, poking at her rigid clit. 
She shook her ass, moaning softly as his finger slipped into her cunt. 
She didn't want his finger up her cunt, but his cock. Yet she held her 
ass high and let him do what he wanted with her.

"You sure look good this way, Mom," she heard him say. "Your ass 
sticking up and your cunt this way. You look like you're getting ready 
to fuck."

"I am," she giggled in a lewd way. "Why do you think I have my ass up 
this way?"

He laughed and fucked his finger in and out of her cunt, watching her 
pink, wet pussy lips cling to it. Then he leaned forward and kissed his 
mother's cunt.

"Oooo, I like that, darling," she cooed softly, arching her naked ass 
back toward his face. "Kiss it again! Kiss my cunt again, Mike!"

This time he shoved his tongue out and licked, going from her knotted 
clit, dragging his tongue along the slit of her pussy, and with a 
laugh, fucking his tongue into her cunt.

"Ohhh, baby, do that again!" Laura whimpered. "Shove your tongue in me 
again! Ahhh, your tongue is as good as your cock up my cunt!"

Mike slurped at his mother's pussy, licking his tongue up and down, 
tasting the slippery pussy juice. He lapped at each cunt lip, twisted 
his tongue about her swollen clit, then plunged it into her pussy as 
deep as he could, his mouth wide and pressing at her cunt lips. Laura 
squealed in ecstasy and shoved her cunt into her son's face, grinding 
her ass about. She clawed at the sheets of the bed, gasping in pleasure 
as he began to tongue-fuck her. He held her hips and caressed her 
shaking thighs, his hands going from the outside to the inner surfaces, 
where she was most sensitive, and his tongue fucked in and out of her 
boiling cunt rapidly.

"Oh, you tongue-fucking sweetheart!" Laura moaned as her son licked at 
her hairy cunt. "Ahhh, baby, I love that! Oooo, you have a sweet 
tongue, Mike ... like your cock!"

She bent her neck so she could look between her thighs, seeing her 
son's chin pressing at her hairy cunt and his cock that stood up from 
his crotch. He sat there with his legs crossed, and his cock jutted up 
so beautifully. She moved her hand between her thighs and stroked his 
prick as he flicked his tongue in and out of her cunt.

"Ooo, I didn't know you sucked pussy, darling," she murmured. "I didn't 
know you liked to lick a cunt. Oooo, I love it, though! Mmmmm, baby, 
lick mother's cunt good! Suck mother's pussy, Mike!"

She pumped on his cock, wiggling her naked, uplifted ass back into his 
face, feeling his tongue slide surprisingly deep into her hot pussy. 
His lower lip was smashing her clit as he flicked his tongue in and 
out, and the hot breath from his nose seared her asshole.

"You're going to have me coming in a minute, Mike!" she groaned, 
arching her cunt into her son's face. "Oh, that sweet, sweet tongue! 
Fuck me with that tongue, Mike! Oh, God, fuck mother's hot cunt ... 
fuck my hairy pussy ... tongue me, tongue- fuck me!"

She began to jack his cock in a frantic manner, her ass twisting lewdly 
into his face. The lips of her cunt squeezed and sucked at his tongue. 
She pressed harder, his open lips burning at her pussy and sending 
ecstasy shooting through her naked body, electrifying her nerves.

Between thrusts, Mike would lap his tongue up and down his mother's 
cunt slit, twist it about her distended clit, making her squeal and 
whimper. Then he would fuck his tongue deep into her cunt again, 
working it like a cock. She felt his tongue lick the satiny walls of 
her cunt walls, causing tingles to ripple about her flesh.

"Oh, almost! I'm almost there!" Laura screamed. "I'm about to come! 
Suck hard and fast, baby! Oooo, suck my cunt hard and fast! Suck it ... 
Fuck it ... lick it!"

A loud wail of mindless ecstasy came from her as she climaxed. Her cunt 
closed about her son's buried tongue. She was no longer pumping on his 
cock; her orgasm was so strong she forgot about everything else.

Her uplifted, naked ass shook against her son's face as she came, her 
asshole tightening with the intensity of her orgasm. She yelped and 
mewled, moaned and gurgled, shaking her ass.

When her orgasm turned from violent spasms to mild, sweet throbs, her 
son licked up and down her quivering cunt lips, and she felt his tongue 
swipe at her asshole once. She whined softly as her ass lowered to the 
bed, her thighs spreading around him as he sat there, gazing at the way 
her rounded, smooth ass cheeks trembled. He stroked her ass gently and 
then kissed it.

"Ooo, baby," she whimpered in a thick voice, "that was so good! I came 
and came!"

"Maybe you did, Mom," he said, "but my cock is still so fucking hard. I 
didn't come."

"Yet," she said.

"Huh?"

"You haven't come, yet," she said, turning over and stretching, legs 
very wide so he could see her hairy cunt. "But you will. I'll make sure 
you come. Anyway, you want to come! Up my cunt that you licked so 
beautifully, or in my hot mouth. Where you want to come is up to you."

Her clit protruded from the folds of her pussy, and Mike twisted it 
gently, making his mother jerk. "Anyplace? You don't care where I stick 
my cock, Mom?"

She grinned up at him. "You know me. Any old hole is available."

He stroked her cunt. "I wish Janey was this way."

"What way? Lying here naked with you?"

"Any hole," he said.

Laura smiled to herself, knowing Janey would have at least one fuckhole 
for him, and pretty soon, too. "Maybe.

"Maybe what?"

"Maybe I can do more for you than she can," Laura said, taking his cock 
in her fist and stroking it again.

"You probably can, Mom, but I sure would like to fuck her. Just once!"

They fell silent, with Laura thinking she was being cruel to her son, 
holding back about Janey, when he wanted to fuck the girl so badly.

"Would you like to fuck her if she's a virgin, honey?" Laura asked.

"You think she is, Mom?"

Laura shook her head. "I don't know. I just want to know if you want a 
virgin. You know, a virgin hole that's never been fucked before."

"I'd like to try it," he said. "Be the first and all that, Mom."

"Is it important to you, being the first to fuck a girl?"

"Not really," he said, running his palm up and down her hairy cunt. 
"But I would have loved being the first to fuck you."

Laura laughed. "That would have been impossible."

"I know, but I still would have liked to be first with you."

She fondled his balls, looking at his cock standing up so hard, 
dripping with the need to fuck. She ran her fingertip over his seeping 
cock head and brought it to her mouth, licking it. Seeing his mother do 
that, Mike slipped his finger into her cunt, then brought his fingers 
to his lips and sucked on it. With a naughty laugh, he fucked his 
finger back into her cunt, then brought his wet finger to her face. 
"You taste, Mom."

She sucked his slimy finger into her mouth, tasting her cunt juice and 
thinking of Janey's sugary pussy.

"You want a virgin?" she asked when he pulled his finger out of her 
mouth. "You really would like to fuck a virgin?"

"Kind of," he said.

"My ... my asshole is virgin," Laura whispered.

Mike's eyes went wide as he looked at her.

"My cunt hasn't been virgin for years, or my mouth," she said, "but if 
you want to fuck a virgin hole, I've never been fucked up the ass, 
darling."

Excitement gleamed in his eyes. "Really, Mom?"

"Really," she said. "I've often wondered what it would be like, feeling 
a hard cock up my asshole. You want to try it, Mike?"

"Let's do, Mom!"

Laura knew just how she wanted to get fucked in her ass. The idea had 
come to her while her son licked her cunt, the hot breath searing her 
asshole. She recalled how good it had felt to have Janey's tongue 
fucking back and forth into her ass, and she knew her son's cock would 
feel even better, stretching and filling her asshole so deliciously.

She sat up and pushed her son to his back, his cock standing up so 
sweetly. She knelt beside him and played with his prick for a moment, 
letting her anticipation grow. Then she flung her legs over him, 
twisting so she was facing his feet. Leaning over, she grasped her 
son's cock and settled onto it, sliding her cunt lips down over his 
fucker.

"I thought you said ass, Mom."

"I did say ass," she replied. "But we've got to make your cock nice and 
slippery first."

Mike looked down at his mother's ass while she bounced up and down, her 
cunt riding his prick. He saw her puckered asshole winking at him, and 
wondered how his cock would fit into such a tiny hole.

Laura drew her knees forward until she was squatting on her son's cock. 
She lifted and lowered her ass a number of times, mewling with the 
delight his cock gave her. She knew her son could see her pussy fucking 
on his prick, see the tightness of her asshole in this position, and 
she wanted it erotic for him. The pink lips of her cunt clung to his 
throbbing cock as she  bounced, fucking his cock in and out of her 
steamy, hairy pussy.

Laura lifted her cunt from his cock. "That's enough pussy-fuck ... now 
for the ass fuck."

She held his cock at the base and brought the swollen cock head to her 
asshole. She felt the contact and sobbed with anxious ecstasy. Mike 
stared at his mother's spread ass cheeks, watching the head of his cock 
press at her asshole. Laura grunted, but it wasn't in pain. The 
pressure at her asshole was better than she had suspected it would be. 
She lowered her ass a bit more, and the head of her son's cock slipped 
into her virgin asshole. For a moment she held herself there, her ass 
lifted with only the head of his cock inside.

"Oh, it stretches me!" she whined. "Your cock stretches my asshole, 
darling!"

"I see it, Mom!"

She lowered her ass slowly, filling her asshole with his hard, 
throbbing cock. More and more prick slipped into her ass and she paused 
with half his cock inside, moaning with a fiery sensation of ecstasy. 
Her asshole was so stretched, she wondered briefly if she would be able 
to take all of his cock up her ass. But Laura wanted it ... wanted her 
son's cock fucked as deep into her asshole as she could get it. Again 
she lowered her ass gingerly, whimpering with the slight pain--the pain 
that was, at the same time, ecstasy.

Very slowly, she sat down on him, his cock fucked fully up her ass now. 
As she rested a moment, letting her asshole become accustomed to his 
prick, she fondled his balls and lifted them against her bubbling cunt. 
She pressed her son's balls against her pussy, managing to shove one 
into her cunt. She stroked her swollen clit for a moment, then began 
moving her hips up and down very slowly.

Mike lifted his head and watched his mother's shapely ass move, seeing 
her asshole cling to his cock as she lifted until only the cock head 
was left in her. Laura leaned forward and braced herself with her hands 
on each side of her son's knees, squatting lewdly as she shook her ass, 
making a tight gyrating motion on the head of his cock.

Then she sank down again, slowly. She filled her ass with his throbbing 
prick, sobbing softly with pleasure. She fucked her asshole up and down 
her son's cock, feeling the ecstasy increase, become hotter. Her hairy 
cunt pulsated with perverse pleasure as she fucked her son's cock with 
her asshole.

Mike stared, almost in awe, at the way his mother's naked ass moved. He 
could see the curly hair of her cunt just past her cock-stuffed 
asshole. The ring of her asshole seemed to suck at his prick as she 
began to bounce a bit faster, but still somewhat slowly. He held her 
hips as he watched with hot eyes.

"Mom, oh Mom!" Laura heard her son grunt. "You're so fucking  tight! 
Your asshole is real tight, and so damned hot!"

"Yes! Yes it is!" she sobbed. "My asshole isn't virgin any more! Ohhh, 
it feels so good ..."

"My ass is so fucking full of cock! This is fantastic!"

Her fucking movements became faster and faster, and as she became more 
accustomed to having his cock inside her hot ass, Laura began to bounce 
more, her ass lifting and falling. She used the muscles of her slender 
thighs, riding him like a jockey on a racehorse.

She squealed and gurgled as her naked ass fucked up and down on his 
cock. She loved the tight flexing of her asshole on his prick--the 
burning fullness in her ass was a surprising pleasure, the way his cock 
stuffed it, stretching her asshole.

"Fuck me, Mom!" Mike began to yelp, arching his cock up to meet her 
plunging ass. "Fuck me with your asshole! Ooo, I see it, I see your 
asshole fucking me!"

"Yes, baby! Watch my hot asshole fuck that sweet, hard cock! I'm going 
to fuck your cock off with my tight asshole!"

Her creamy ass cheeks slapped at his crotch as she fucked up and down, 
sometimes pressing tightly against the base of his prick and holding 
him deep, grinding her ass about. One hand held her up, while the other 
was twisting at his balls. She slapped up and down with frantic fuck-
thrusts now, feeling her cunt convulse with a tremendous orgasms. The 
spasms rippling through her cunt created a tightness of her asshole 
that drew and sucked on her son's cock. She slapped her naked ass up 
and down ever faster, her fucking motions almost jerky.

"Come, damn it!" she screamed. "Come in my fucking hot asshole!"

She felt Mike's cock throbbing and it seemed as if it became larger. 
She was gasping with her efforts to make her son come off into her 
asshole. She tightened the ring of her asshole tighter yet, bouncing up 
and down in a furious way.

Mike dug his hands into his mother's twisting hips and shoved up hard, 
fucking his cock deep into her asshole.

Laura screamed.

The flood of come juice seemed to gush from his cock. The powerful 
throbbing of his prick burned at her tightly stretched asshole, and she 
felt as if he was going to squirt come juice up through her body and 
out her mouth.

She sat on him, now that he was finished, his cock still in her ass. 
She placed her hands on her ass cheeks and pulled them wide, looking 
over her shoulder at her son with hot eyes. She leaned forward a bit.

"How does that look, darling?" she whispered. "Your cock in my ass?"

"Beautiful!" he grunted.

"Now, you can't say you've never fucked a virgin hole, can you? You 
just had a tight, hot virgin asshole!"

Her son giggled as she raised her ass, watching his cock slide from her 
gripping asshole. Laura stretched out beside him, kissing his mouth 
tenderly.

"Now you have three ways to fuck me," she said in a soft voice.

"Cunt, mouth, asshole!" Mike replied.

"Any time you want it," she said, wrapping her thigh over him and 
resting her head on his shoulder. "Now, hold my tit and let's take a 
nap."



Chapter 7

 When Laura woke up it was late morning. Their nap had become a long 
night's sleep. Her son had turned onto his back, still sleeping, his 
thigh against hers. She stretched and looked at him, his face so young 
and innocent now. His hairless chest rose and fell evenly. She looked 
down and saw his cock was straining from his crotch. A smile came over 
her face, a smile of delight to find his prick hard.

Just looking at Mike's cock created a pleasant sensation between her 
thighs. Then she became aware of a new tingle, one in her asshole, 
Laura almost giggled out loud as she recalled how she had fucked him 
the evening before, bouncing her ass up and down in that lewd manner on 
top of him. She had not only excited her son with her virgin asshole, 
but had fed his natural voyeuristic desires at the same time.

She reached back and gingerly rubbed a finger about her asshole, 
feeling the tingle increase. She lay for a moment, caressing and 
probing at her asshole gently and tenderly, then swung her long legs 
over the side of the bed. She went into the bathroom and sat on the 
toilet, a smile still on her face. She did not want to put off bringing 
her son and Janey together much longer. Mike was very anxious to fuck 
that exquisite little blonde.

Getting up, Laura brushed her teeth and ran a comb through her hair, 
but her eyes were fixed on her tits. She hoped her son had enjoyed 
fucking her creamy, firm tits, then jacking his cock off so that he 
came into her mouth. Laura felt a thrill in her stomach; she was 
experiencing so many things lately, things she had wondered about 
often. No one had really told her all those erotic things, only some. 
The rest, she'd had in her mind for some time.

Going back into the bedroom, she stood and gazed at her son's cock. It 
was, to her, the most beautiful cock in the world. Perhaps not the 
largest or thickest, but it fit her cunt well enough ... and her mouth 
... and her asshole.

She leaned over and closed her fist very lightly around her son's cock, 
feeling it pulsing in her hand. She stroked his hard- on for a moment, 
apparently not disturbing his deep sleep.

Carefully, she climbed onto the bed, lowering her face over his cock. 
She held herself up with her hands on the bed and closed her wet lips 
over his prick, sucking very slowly and tenderly. Her tongue moved with 
a feathery touch, and she felt him writhe beneath her. With his cock 
between her lips, she turned to look at the sleeping boy's face. There 
was no reason for her to sneak a suck of his cock, but she thought it 
would be a nice way for him to wake up.

Mike's prick was hot between her lips, very hard. She loved his cock 
hard, loved it in her mouth, her cunt and her asshole. While she was 
sucking gently on his cock, her cunt became very wet, burning and 
throbbing.

Almost reluctantly, she pulled her mouth off his cock and swung her 
legs over him, straddling her son. She fitted the swollen head of his 
cock into the fiery lips of her cunt and slowly sat down on him, his 
cock fucking deep. The hairy lips of her pussy began to flex about 
Mike's prick, a movement of muscles that she had no control over. Every 
time her son's cock penetrated her cunt, her cunt seemed to begin 
immediately sucking and nibbling like a hungry mouth.

With a soft sigh she settled lightly on him, his cock deep inside her 
tingling cunt. She sat there for a while, letting the stuffy feeling 
close about her. The way those hairy cunt lips clung to his cock was a 
thrill in itself to Laura. She enjoyed the stretching of her sensitive 
cunt lips and the way her clit seemed to smash at the cock shaft when 
his fucker was inside her pussy. She could feel his precious balls 
barely touch the cheeks of her ass, and she slipped her hand back to 
hold them there against the hot crack of her ass.

As Laura sat on her sleeping son's cock, she gazed into his young face, 
her emotions high with love for the boy. Again she saw his youth, and 
that, too, excited her.

Very slowly, she began to fuck him.

Lifting her cunt up, holding the swollen cock head between her wet 
lips, she made a tight circle with her hips, mewling softly, closing 
her eyes to savour the ecstasy as she teased her cunt by fucking down 
with agonising slowness again.

The fiery depths of her cunt closed about his cock, and Laura knew she 
would be unable to keep this fuck slow and gentle. Already her pussy 
was approaching orgasm, the cunt lips tightening, flexing about her 
son's cock. She felt the hard throbbing of Mike's prick, felt the 
sensation all the way up to her tits.

She moved her naked ass a bit faster, a gasp of delight bubbling from 
her mouth. She felt a movement and opened her eyes. Mike was grinning 
up at her, his eyes shining with a mixture of sleepiness and pleasure.

"Oh, Mom, go to it!" he murmured. "Fuck me, Mom!"

"Ooo, you caught me!" she laughed. "You woke up and caught me fucking 
you."

She sat astride him for a moment, pinching at his tiny nipples. Mike 
gazed at her full tits, then he grabbed them, digging into the spongy 
surfaces, feeling his mother's long, nipples burn into his. palms.

Laura moved again, and began to fuck her cunt up and down his cock 
faster, making soft sounds of ecstasy. She placed her hands on her 
knees and used her thighs to bounce up and down on his cock.

"Oh, baby!" she gurgled. "Squeeze mother's tits hard! Ohhh, I love 
waking you up like this! Squeeze my fucking tits hard, Mike!"

His hands dug into her tit flesh and Laura groaned with heat, her ass 
pumping up and down swiftly. The friction of his cock against her wet 
cunt lips and distended clit was setting up a series of surging, liquid 
orgasms for Laura. They came on somewhat mildly, but grew in strength 
with each succeeding convulsion. Her flat stomach was rippling from the 
pleasure, and her asshole was puckering tightly, her cunt nibbling and 
sucking on his cock greedily. The moist sounds of her pussy fucking up 
and down her son's cock sent ripples of ecstasy through Laura's naked 
body.

"Oooo, baby, fill mother's cunt with that sweet come juice!"

Laura fucked her cunt up and down her son's cock, stretching her hairy 
cunt lips and moaning with delight. Mike was digging into her tits 
powerfully, thrusting his cock up to meet her gyrating fuck-thrusts.

A grunt came from Mike, and his cock lurched inside her pussy. Then the 
thick flood of his come juice came spewing out of his piss hole, 
gushing into her cunt. Laura, feeling him come, gave a loud sob of 
ecstasy and began to grind her pussy onto his cock, no longer pumping. 
Her cunt clutched at his squirting cock.

Laura sat astride her son, her body shaking from the orgasms, her 
hairy, puffy cunt lips smashed against the base of his prick, his balls 
almost between the cheeks of her shivering ass.

With a soft moan she climbed from him, standing on weak legs at the 
side of the bed. His cock glistened with the wetness of her cunt and 
his come juice. With a moan of pleasure, Laura bent down, taking his 
slippery cock into her mouth and sucking at it, tasting their mixture 
of fuck juices.

Then she brushed her lips over his. "Get your lazy ass out of bed, 
honey," she smiled, turning and twisting her naked ass at him. 
"Breakfast in ten minutes."

While she prepared breakfast, she felt the wetness between her legs. 
She loved the slippery feel of his come juice seeping from her cunt 
this way. She wished she could keep her pussy full of his come juice 
all the time.

She looked over her shoulder as her son walked into the kitchen, her 
eyes going first to his cock and balls. Her eyes became moist with 
affection. She placed a platter of eggs and bacon on the table, then 
gave him toast. She poured coffee for herself and sat sipping it as she 
watched Mike devour the food.

"Going anyplace today?" she asked over the rim of her coffee cup.

Mike shook his head. "Not that I know of, Mom. I think I'll stay home 
with you. I might get another hard-on someplace and lose it before I 
get home."

"Sure--up some little girl's cunt," she laughed.

"I wish," he replied.

"I'm not enough cunt for you, huh?"

"Plenty," he grinned. "But it would be nice to fuck Janey. You know how 
it is, Mom. If she saw my cock hard, maybe ... just maybe ..."

"It takes a little more than just a hard cock to turn some girls on, 
Mike."

"I suppose, he replied. "But seeing my cock hard seems to get you 
going, Mom."

"I'm different."

Finishing her coffee, she rinsed her cup and began gathering her 
laundry. Mike finished eating and stacked his dishes in the sink, then 
carried the laundry basket to the small, room where the washer and 
dryer were. Neither had dressed yet, and Mike leaned against the door, 
looking at his mother's creamy, shapely ass.

Laura, sensing her son looking at her, leaned over the washer, stuffing 
laundry in. She wiggled her naked ass with a slow movement, bunching 
the ass cheeks, relaxing them, then repeating it. Looking over her 
shoulder, she saw his cock lifting, and began to twist her ass in a 
more pronounced, inviting manner.

"You like that ass, honey?" she whispered.

Mike came up behind her and placed his hands on her ass cheeks, 
caressing the smooth skin, cupping a bun in each hand and squeezing.

"Mmmmm, nice," Laura murmured.

She felt his cock against her thigh, still lifting and hardening. She 
ran her hand back and grasped his prick, rubbing the smooth cock head 
about her flesh, feeling the hot trail of moisture as his prick 
dripped.

"Need a piece of ass, huh, baby?" she whispered, feeling the washing 
machine vibrating against her stomach.

Mike leaned forward and licked at her back. Laura trembled with 
pleasure, shoving her ass backwards, dragging her son's cock up and 
down the hot ass crack. The heat of his cock seemed to sear her flesh, 
and she leaned over, her tits on top of the vibrating washer. Her 
nipples tingled with the vibration, and she thrust her ass back.

"In my ass, baby," she murmured thickly. "Fuck mother's ass this time. 
Fuck me up my ass hole!"

Resting her tits on the washing machine, Laura used her hands  to pull 
the cheeks of her firm, rounded ass wide, exposing her asshole to her 
son's cock. Feeling his swollen, smooth cock head probe her asshole, 
Laura began to whimper in eagerness.

Mike thrust his cock forward, looking down between her lovely ass 
cheeks. He saw the way her asshole sank inward as he pressed. The 
pressure against her tight, sensitive asshole caused Laura to moan with 
anticipation of feeling his cock inside. She shoved her ass back a bit 
more, resting with her tits flat on top of the vibrating washing 
machine.

"Mmmmm!" Laura gurgled softly, wiggling her ass. "Shove it in, darling! 
Ahhh, shove that beautiful hard cock up my hot asshole! Ooo, yes, baby! 
Fuck mother's tight, hot asshole! I want it up my fucking ass, Mike!"

She groaned as the head of his cock slipped past the tight ring of her 
asshole. She felt the stretching there, the intense tightness of her 
asshole gripping her son's throbbing hard prick. She flexed her 
asshole, feeling pleased when she brought a grunt of delight from Mike.

"Push!" she urged hotly. "Oh, baby, push that sweet cock in! Plunge 
your cock up mother's asshole ... fast!"

Mike fucked forward violently.

Laura groaned, feeling the full length of his hard cock filling her 
asshole once again. There was a hot, burning sensation there, a 
sensation that was unlike the one when he fucked her in the cunt. It 
seemed his cock penetrated her body so much deeper in the ass.

"Fuck me now!" she gurgled. "Ohhh, darling, fuck my ass hard and fast! 
Fuck that hot asshole, Mike!"

She began shifting her hips about, making her ass do a lewd, exciting 
dance on his cock. While Mike stood still, holding his mother's rounded 
hips, Laura fucked her ass on his prick. The excitement of seeing her 
naked ass fucking back and forth sent him into motion. Laura squealed 
in passion when her son started fucking her, his cock sliding back and 
forth, searing the sensitive ring of her asshole. She shoved a hand 
between her thighs and grabbed his swinging balls, tugging and twisting 
them, wiggling her ass with intense passion. She could feel the 
vibration of the washing machine against her flattened tits, the 
tingling of it running down her body to her cunt and asshole.

The vibration increased her ecstasy.

Only soft moans came from Laura now. She was enveloped with the hot 
erotic heat she enjoyed so much. Her naked ass continued to move, 
twisting eagerly as her son fucked his cock in and out of her asshole. 
While she pulled at his precious balls, she pressed the heel of her 
hand against her swollen, knotted clit, creating a greater ecstasy yet 
in her naked body.

A sob of pleasure burst from her lips as an orgasm ripped through her 
cunt, tingling back to her tightly stretched asshole. Her cunt lips 
convulsed tightly, causing her asshole to grip her son's cock like a 
rubber band. She could hear her son gasping with his efforts. His cock 
plunged in and out faster and faster, fucking deeper and deeper. She 
released his balls and began to finger-fuck her cunt furiously as she 
came. His balls slapped against her plunging fingers.

Through the heat of her orgasm, she still felt her son's cock swell, 
then explode hot come into her ass. She felt his come juice spurting 
out of his cock and filling her ass guts. She was sure his come juice 
was scalding the sensitive, tender walls inside her ass. Her orgasms 
increased to the point where she was coming time and again, her cunt 
clasping her deeply buried fingers like a wet, searing vice.

"Oh ... oh ... oh!" she yelped, her ass twisting about frantically now.

Laura hardly knew when her son pulled his prick out of her asshole. She 
rested on top of the washer, her naked body vibrating with the machine. 
She shivered. Her knees were very weak and she would have fallen on her 
ass if she had not been leaning on the washing machine.

It was some time before she regained any strength, and as she stood up, 
she saw her son slumped on the floor, still gasping. She giggled at his 
expression.

"I'm not so sure you can handle much more fucking, darling."

He grinned crookedly up at his mother. "Are you sure you can handle 
Janey, too?" she teased.

He nodded, struggling to his feet.

"You can try," she said. "Now, why don't you get the fuck away from me. 
I'll never get any housework done with you hanging around, that cock 
always before my eyes."



Chapter 8

 Laura dressed after Mike left the house. She knew it would not 
 be long before Janey showed up. Janey had told her she would 
 always wait and see when her son left the house before she came. 
 Laura didn't know why Janey wouldn't come over when her son was home, 
unless, perhaps, the young girl was leading her on.

Maybe Janey had no intentions of ever letting Mike, or any boy, fuck 
her. Maybe Janey preferred women to men. Maybe the girl was a confirmed 
cunt-licker, wanting nothing to do with a hard cock. Some girls were 
that way, Laura knew very well, but at such a young age?

At what age did a girl or boy become a confirmed cock sucker or cunt 
licker? Laura knew nothing about such things and didn't care. All she 
cared about was pleasure now. Because Janey enjoyed sucking cunt, loved 
to have her sugary cunt licked, that didn't make her a lesbian, Laura 
knew. Laura found she enjoyed the feel of a pussy in her face, too, 
and--she certainly wasn't that way. A cunt was so soft, so wet, so 
tasty. Different than a hard cock deep in her throat. It was a change 
of pace, an erotic, intensely exciting change of pace.

And Janey ... so syrupy! Janey's cunt tasted like sweet, fresh honey to 
Laura. As much as Laura loved sucking on her son's cock, the taste of 
his thick, creamy come juice in her mouth, she found she enjoyed the 
succulent heat of Janey's pussy just as much.

Just as Laura expected, Janey knocked at the door about fifteen minutes 
after Mike had left.

"Why do you always wait for my son to leave, honey?" Laura wanted to 
know as they sat on the couch, facing each other.

"I don't know, Laura," the girl said. "I want to fuck him, I know. It's 
obvious he wants to fuck me ... like all the guys. Maybe I'm afraid it 
will hurt."

"Do your fingers hurt you?" Laura asked. "Or do mine hurt your cunt 
when I finger fuck you?"

"You know they don't."

"And neither will a cock, Janey. You've got to stop teasing those boys 
so much or you might get yourself fucked before you know it."

"I know that, Laura," Janey said, drawing her knees up to her tits and 
leaning against the arm of the couch, resting her chin on her knees. 
"But I like to tease them. I like watching their cocks get hard. It 
makes my cunt feel good."

Laura turned on the couch and lifted her leg, causing her skirt to hike 
halfway up. She gazed at the way Janey's panties fit so tightly, at the 
tantalising bulge her cunt made at the crotch, her creamy, golden 
thighs. Laura's pussy became wet as she looked at the girl. Janey, she 
knew, was peeking under her skirt, and since Laura had no panties on, 
the girl could see her thick cunt hair, maybe the pink wetness of her 
pussy lips.

"I think we should let my son fuck you now, Janey," Laura said, leaning 
over and sliding her fingers along the back of Janey's thigh. "I think 
it's time you let him put his cock in that sweet cunt, don't you?"

"I think ... oh, Laura," Janey mewled. "I want to! Oh, I want to feel 
his cock in me so much!"

"Then, today, you'll be here when Mike comes home, Laura said.

"You'll let him fuck you? Like we agreed, Laura?"

"We didn't agree to anything, honey," Laura said, tracing her 
fingertips up and down the tight crotch of Janey's panties. "But of 
course he can fuck me. My son has been fucking me for some time now."

Janey's eyes went wide. "Why didn't you tell me?"

Laura only smiled, feeling the moist heat of Janey's cunt through her 
panties. The attraction of that sugary cunt was strong, and Laura 
slipped to her knees, spreading Janey's thighs. Janey, with a whimper 
of eager passion, twisted on the couch and scooted her ass to the edge 
of the cushions. Laura gazed with hungry eyes at the tautly stretched 
crotch of Janey's panties, seeing it moist. Blonde cunt hairs curled 
from the edges. She flicked her tongue along the creamy inner surface 
of the girl's thigh, feeling it hot, loving the taste of this young 
flesh.

Janey twisted her hips about, mewling in pleasure as Laura licked about 
those satiny thighs, kissing and nibbling with her lips now and then. 
She moved her hand up and down the girl's slender thighs, then reached 
underneath to cup the small, tight cheeks of her rounded ass.

With a hungry growl, Laura pressed her mouth against Janey's tight, wet 
panties, sucking at the seeping pussy juices with her tongue. She dug 
her fingers into Janey's firm ass cheeks. Janey whimpered and began to 
grind her pussy into Laura's face. Laura whipped the flat surface of 
her tongue up and down, licking at those panties, her emotions climbing 
high.

She shoved her fingers into the elastic waist of Janey's panties and, 
pulling her mouth away, peeled them from the trembling girl's body.

"Such a beautiful cunt," Laura murmured with a thick voice. "Your pussy 
is so sweet, so pink, so wet! It feels very soft and hot against my 
mouth, honey."

"Eat me, Laura!" Janey squealed, arching her hips up and trying to 
shove her pussy against Laura's mouth. "Suck my cunt, please! I like 
the way you lick my pussy!"

Janey drew her legs up and back, pressing her knees into her tits. 
Laura gazed at the blonde-haired cunt and the crinkle of that tight, 
pink asshole. She ran her tongue across her lips, then leaned forward. 
She kissed the puffy lips of Janey's cunt,  then moved her mouth down. 
She closed her lips over Janey's tight asshole and kissed it in a 
sucking manner, bringing gasps of ecstasy from Janey.

When Janey lifted her ass even higher and shoved it into Laura's face, 
Laura ran her tongue about it, licking the tight heat of that puckered 
asshole. She swirled her tongue about, then licked up to the girl's 
tasty cunt. She plunged her tongue into Janey's pussy, fucking it back 
and forth for a while, then drew her throbbing little clit between her 
lips, nibbling at it. Janey squealed and twisted her ass about, tossing 
her cunt up and down against Laura's sucking mouth.

Closing her hands about the spreading cheeks of Janey's small ass, 
Laura began sliding her tongue up and down the youngster's fiery 
crotch. She ran her tongue from Janey's clit downward, along the slit 
of her delicious pussy, and then back to that tight asshole again. She 
opened her mouth wide and pressed her lips against Janey's asshole. She 
sucked, her tongue curling at the tight ass pucker. Laura's nose was 
almost buried into that seeping little pussy.

"Ooooooo! Ahhhhhhh, yes, yes!" Janey whimpered.

Laura pushed her tongue hard, and felt it enter the heat of Janey's 
asshole. She thrust her tongue in and out, then brought it back to that 
slippery, velvety cunt. She tongue-fucked Janey's pussy for a moment 
then rammed her tongue back into her flexing asshole. Laura started 
tongue fucking Janey in her cunt and asshole with alternate movements, 
making the girl thrash about in wild bliss.

"Oh, tongue-fuck me!" Janey was gurgling. "Tongue-fuck me! Ohhh, eat my 
cunt ... eat my ass! Oh, Laura, suck my cunt and asshole!"

Laura fucked her tongue into the slippery heat of Janey's cunt, 
wiggling it against those fiery, satiny pussy lips. Then down again, 
plunging her tongue into the teenager's tight asshole, thrilled to feel 
those hot inner ass cheeks against her face. Laura was as hot as Janey, 
her cunt bubbling and making the insides of her thighs wet.

She slipped her tongue from the clenching asshole and licked again over 
those puffy cunt lips, twirling her tongue about the distended clit.

"You'll let Mike fuck you?" she whispered with her lips close to that 
succulent cunt. "You'll let my son fuck this sweet little cunt, Janey?"

"Yes!" Janey yelled with mindless passion. "I'll let him fuck me ... 
I'll let anyone fuck me! Ohhh, Laura, suck my pussy, please! I'm so 
hot, so fucking hot! I wanna come, Laura!"

"Promise me Mike can fuck you," Laura insisted.

"Yes, he can fuck me!" Janey screamed, trying to grind her pussy into 
Laura's face. "He can fuck me, Laura! I promise!"

"When?" Laura demanded, sliding her tongue along the side of one 
swollen cunt lip. "When can he fuck you?"

"Now! He can fuck me now!" Janey groaned. "As soon as he comes home, he 
can fuck me!"

Satisfied, Laura plunged her tongue into the girl's syrupy cunt again. 
She sucked and licked with frantic desire, the taste of this soft, ever 
so hot, cunt thrilling her, waking her own pussy throb. Laura felt she 
could come eating Janey's pussy.

She began tongue-fucking the excited, wiggling girl in her pussy and 
asshole again with alternate strokes. And as her tongue went from one 
to the other, Laura knew Janey would keep her promise, knew the girl 
was such an erotic, hungry little thing, perhaps Mike could fuck her in 
the asshole, too.

Laura's tongue was deep inside Janey's cunt when the girl erupted into 
orgasm. She felt Janey's pussy lips squeezing in reflex about her 
tongue. She licked and fucked her tongue back and forth with frantic 
delight as Janey came. Janey's naked little ass whipped up and down, 
thrashing violently as she came. Her legs lifted into the air, then 
closed tightly around Laura's head, those smooth inner thighs hot and 
velvety against her cheeks. Laura held the girl's trembling ass cheeks, 
pressing her mouth hard into her convulsing pussy.

When Janey stopped shaking, Laura slowly lowered her ass, then sat on 
her heels and watched her little cunt pulse and glisten. Janey's small, 
shapely tits rose and fell under her blouse as she gasped, her legs 
thrown wide, mild tremors making them shake.

When Janey regained same composure, Laura said, her voice thick with 
desire: "You promised. Don't forget, Janey."

Janey sat up, but left her legs wide. "I won't, Laura," she replied. 
"Mike can fuck me when he comes home."

Laura examined Janey's exquisitely lovely face. "You're sure, now?"

"I promised, didn't I? I won't break a promise."

Laura got to her feet, feeling the throbbing between her thighs. Her 
cunt was pulsing very hotly. She lifted her dress and thrust her hairy 
cunt toward Janey.

"That made my cunt so hot, honey," she whispered. "Eating your pussy 
and tongue fucking you in your tight little ass made me horny as all 
fucking hell!"

Janey shoved her hands out swiftly, sliding them about Laura's rounded 
hips and clutching her by the ass. She buried her face into the dark 
curls of Laura's cunt, kissing her pussy and whimpering hungrily. The 
position was not a good one for Laura. She could not shove her cunt 
close enough, nor could Janey get her mouth there as well as Laura 
liked. She felt Janey's wicked little tongue slide over her swollen 
clit and grabbed the back of the girls head, smashing her face into her 
hairy cunt.

Suddenly she shoved Janey's head away, twisting about and licking her 
ass. "Lick my ass, baby!" Laura moaned. "Lick my hot asshole! Tongue-
fuck me up my ass hole ... the way you did before! Hurry ... oh, hurry 
and shove your tongue up my fucking ass!"

Janey ran her tongue over the shapely cheeks of Laura's ass, drawing 
the tip up and down her inviting ass crack. Laura leaned over, her 
hands on her knees, shoving her ass into the girl's face. She squealed 
with delight when that hot, wet tongue scraped about her tightly 
puckered asshole.

Janey was clutching Laura's hips, pressing her face between the hot, 
smooth cheeks of Laura's ass, her tongue flicking about the woman's 
sensitive asshole, sending her into shivering ecstasy.

"Mike is going to fuck your little cunt, baby," Laura whimpered, 
shaking her ass into Janey's face. "He's going to put his hard cock up 
your little pussy and fuck you!"

"Mmmm!" Janey wailed into Laura's ass.

"He's going to fuck you so hard and good! You're going to love his 
beautiful cock, Janey! You'll love it fucking your pussy ... making you 
come hard come and come!"

Laura leaned farther, and her hands were on the floor now, her ass 
upthrust. Janey ran her tongue down to that hair-lined cunt and licked 
into it eagerly. As Laura had done, Janey began to tongue-fuck the 
slippery cunt and asshole with alternate thrusts of her greedy tongue. 
Laura, almost on her head, ground her cunt and ass into that hot little 
mouth, cooing with mindless bliss.

Feeling Janey's tongue inside her asshole was much different than her 
son's cock. But it was just as good. She liked the way Janey wiggled 
her tongue about, something Mike's cock could not do.

Janey was pulling at Laura's hips, bringing her ass and cunt anxiously 
to her young, hungry mouth. The hot breath from Janey's nose seared the 
tender flesh of the woman's ass, making her shiver with pleasure.

She had been pulled back as Janey slipped from the couch and sat on the 
floor, her bead resting on the cushions of the couch. Laura was just 
sitting down, but her cunt and ass were on that lovely face instead of 
on a cushion.

"Oooo, baby, baby!" she whined, shaking her ass. "Eat that hairy cunt, 
Janey! Eat my ass out! Ohhh, you hot, fucking little bitch! Suck my 
pussy ... tongue-fuck my asshole! Ahh, you sweet cunt-sucking little 
cunt. Cunt ... cunt! Eat me! Eat my wet, hairy pussy!"

Low groans came from Janey as she shoved her mouth as tight as she 
could into Laura's cunt and ass, her tongue lapping in a frenzy of 
erotic ecstasy. Laura was sitting on Janey's face now, and she could 
see the girl's slim outstretched legs. She moved her hands down and 
cupped the small, tight tits, squeezing into them. Finally she opened 
Janey's blouse with trembling fingers, grinding her ass and seeping 
cunt into that eager young face. Janey was not wearing a bra, and her 
tits were bare, those pale pink nipples very hard, standing tall on the 
creamy tit mounds.

Laura dug her fingers harshly into Janey's small but exquisitely shaped 
tits, sitting onto that sucking and licking mouth. She was so excited 
she thought nothing about Janey's ability to breathe. She twisted and 
jerked her naked ass about, grinding ecstatically against that sweet 
face, that sucking mouth, that licking tongue.

"Cunt ... cunt ... cunt!" she howled. "Eat me, you little cunt! Oooh, 
you sweet, sweet cunt!"

When Laura came, the orgasm almost ripped her steaming body apart. Her 
cunt closed tightly, and her asshole clenched. The soaring ecstasy was 
so good, she didn't know if Janey had her tongue up her cunt or her 
asshole. She slammed her naked ass about, grinding with loud sobs, her 
fingers very tight on those small tits, the pale nipples burning into 
her palms. A final spasm shot through her, and she fell away from 
Janey, sprawling on the couch, panting and shaking.

"Oh, God! Oh, God!" she wailed over and over, unable to stop quivering.

Janey sat on the floor, her sweet face smeared with cunt juice. She 
caressed lightly over Laura's thigh.

Laura sat up, still gasping. With a soft whimper, she slipped to the 
floor and hugged Janey tightly, pressing her lips to those of the 
little girl. She moaned softly as she kissed Janey eagerly, thrusting 
her tongue into that sweet mouth for Janey to suck.

Using one hand, Laura opened her own blouse and smashed her firm tits 
against Janey's small tits. Drawing back, she looked down as she rubbed 
the girl's pink nipple.

"Remember your promise, darling," she whispered.

"I remember," Janey replied, watching the way Laura's nipple teased 
hers. "And I will fuck Mike. I wish he would come home now."

"He'll be here soon," Laura said, standing up. "In the meantime, let's 
have some iced tea. For some reason, I get thirsty after I eat your 
cunt."

Janey giggled in a naughty way. "That's because my cunt tastes like 
candy."

"You know, you're right," Laura replied. "I never thought of a cunt 
that way, but you're absolutely correct. And you want to know 
something? Sucking a cock makes me thirsty, too."

"What does a cock taste like, Laura?"

"You'll find out soon enough."

"Do I have to suck your son's cock, too?"

Laura gazed at the girl. "Not unless you want to. So far, all Mike 
wants is to fuck that little cunt of yours. Do you want to suck him 
off, honey?"

Janey's eyes turned bright. "I wanna try it."

"Then you will."

They sat in the kitchen, having iced tea. Laura noticed Janey had not 
buttoned her blouse. The girl was obviously not a lesbian. She was much 
too eager now to fuck Mike. Laura began to anticipate watching the two 
youngsters fucking, feeling their excitement, their erotic pleasures 
right along with them. Laura wondered how she would feel watching her 
son's cock fucking Janey's cunt, whether she would feel jealous or not. 
She didn't think so ... she thought it would be exciting, very, very 
exciting to watch the kids fuck.

She had not watched a couple fucking before, but Laura knew it had to 
be almost as much fun as being fucked. As she sipped her tea and looked 
at those fine young tits, she could see, in her mind, that succulent 
cunt clinging to her son's hard cock, those pink, wet pussy lips 
sucking on it. Then she imagined Janey's little mouth stuffed with 
Mike's cock, and that caused her cunt to begin bubbling with a steamy 
feeling again. Then she imagined his cock penetrating that tight little 
asshole. A soft moan came from Laura.

"What's wrong, Laura?" Janey asked.

"I just came!" Laura said in surprise. "I just came again!"



Chapter 9

 Janey and Laura were once again sitting on the couch as they 
 waited. Each was anxious in a different way. Laura, because she 
 wanted to see her son fuck the girl he had desired for so long. 
 Janey, because she was anticipating the sensation of a cock up her 
cunt for the first time.

As they waited, Laura discovered that, although Janey had not been 
fucked before, she had certainly been sucked off, and had sucked a 
cunt. It happened, Janey told her, at school. She had been undressing 
in the locker room after running track. No one was with her, and the 
gym teacher, a woman, had come in and found her before she even got her 
panties on.

"That was my first time," Janey said. "I didn't know she liked girls 
then. She started talking to me and telling me how pretty I was, how 
she watched me on the track, and that my shorts would flap about and 
she could see my ass when I ran."

The girl smiled at the memory of it.

"She hugged me and felt my tits, and that made me so hot, I just let 
her do what she wanted with me. She put me on my back across the bench 
and started licking my pussy. I came almost right away and kept on 
coming. She had a real long tongue, and it went very deep in my cunt. 
After she finished, she asked me if I played with myself. By then, I 
would have said anything to have her lick my pussy again. She asked me 
to show her, and I finger- fucked myself. That must have made her 
hotter, because she took off her clothes and when I saw her cunt, I 
wanted to taste it. Her cunt was so much more hairier than yours, 
Laura. I tongue- fucked her when she squatted over my face."

"When did that happen?" Laura asked.

"Last-year," Janey said.

"Anyone else?"

"A girl I know," Janey replied honestly. "We used to suck each other 
all the time, but she moved away when her father got a better job."

"Why no boys?"

"They're so silly," Janey giggled. "Those boys my age look and tease 
and then seem afraid. That's why I let them see a little, make those 
cocks hard. They won't fuck anything but their fists! I need a boy that 
knows how to fuck ... like Mike."

"How do you know my son knows how to fuck?"

"You told me. Remember?" Janey giggled. "You told me today he's been 
fucking you. That means he knows how to fuck, doesn't it?"

"Let's just say I love his fucking--and you will too."

Janey had pulled her panties back on at Laura's insistence. "We don't 
want to shock him, just tease him first," she said.

So, as they waited and talked, Janey had her knees up and her chin on 
them again. Laura could see those tight panties clinging to her puffy 
cunt, and knew that would be the first thing her son would see. And it 
was ...

Laura looked up as the door opened. Janey almost shoved her feet down, 
but a glance at Laura made her leave her knees up.

Mike came in. Just as Laura had expected, he stared at the exposure of 
Janey's crotch. Janey, she saw, was gazing directly at Mike's crotch. 
His cock began to swell and harden immediately.

"I've got a present for you, darling," Laura said in a soft voice. 
"Janey would love t--"

But Janey cut in quickly: "I know what I've been doing to you, Mike, 
and I won't do it ever again."

But Mike's eyes were on her panties, and Laura didn't think he heard. 
His cock was straining against the front of his pants, outlined in 
beautiful hardness now. He closed the door behind him, then stood 
there, as if frozen in place.

"Janey has a hot little ass, baby," Laura said, getting to her feet and 
going to Mike. "She's decided she--"

But again Janey cut in: "I wanna fuck, Mike."

Laura was next to her son when Janey said that, and she saw his mouth 
drop open. She put her arm about him, dropping her other hand down to 
feel his hard-on.

"You want to ... you want me to fuck you?" Mike asked, not believing 
his luck.

Janey nodded her head, letting her legs spread apart, sitting on the 
couch and offering her cunt to the boy.

Laura fumbled with the front of her son's pants, feeling him trembling 
with excitement. As she pulled his cock from his pants, she looked at 
Janey. Janey's eyes burned hotly as she stared at his cock, now running 
her palm up and down the tight crotch of her panties.

"Oooo, that looks better naked!" Janey cooed, licking her lips.

Laura stroked her son's cock, feeling it throb with his intense 
excitement. Then she turned him loose and pressed at his back. "Go on, 
darling," she urged with a hot voice. "She's waiting for you. Janey is 
all yours, Mike."

Mike moved on rubbery legs, unable to take his eyes from Janey's 
crotch. His cock jerked about as he came close. When he was near, Janey 
grasped his cock with a hot hand, gurgling in excitement, her eyes 
huge. She was thrilled to feel a hard prick at last.

Laura sat back on the couch, watching, finding, it even more exciting 
to see the two young ones than she had thought it would be.

Janey stroked her fist along Mike's cock, cooing softly, watching pre-
cum seep from his piss hole. She was no longer rubbing at her cunt now, 
but holding his cock with both hands eagerly. With a hot sob of 
delight, Janey suddenly began kissing Mike's cock. She ran her lips up 
and down the hard prick shaft, tickling it with the tip of her tongue. 
As Janey kissed and licked, Laura moved her hands to her son's pants 
and drew them down. As soon as Mike's pants were at his feet, Janey 
gave a low wail of pleasure and shoved her face into his cock and 
balls, kissing and licking with wanton ecstasy.

"Hot little cunt, aren't you?" Laura whispered, running her hand along 
Janey's thigh tenderly.

Janey turned Mike loose, but her eyes remained on his prick as she 
began ripping and tearing at her clothing. Buttons popped from her 
blouse in her haste.

"Take it easy, honey," Laura laughed throatily. "You're tearing your 
clothes. That hard cock will be there, no matter how fast or slow you 
get naked."

Janey was eager, so excited, she couldn't find half the buttons. Again 
Laura laughed, opening the girl's blouse and skirt. Janey was so 
excited by Mike's cock she was shaking. Laura had to drag Janey's tight 
panties off with no help from the shivering girl.

"There she is, darling," Laura said, "naked for you."

Mike gazed in delighted awe at the girl he had been peeking at for so 
long, the girl who had been teasing him and other- boys so miserably. 
His cock swung up and down, his balls becoming heavy. His eyes turned 
on those small, succulent tits and down to the pale-blonde hair of 
Janey's bare cunt.

"Well?" Laura said. "Are you two just going to stare at each other?"

With somewhat embarrassed giggles, Janey and Mike fell into each 
other's arms. Laura sat down with a smile on her face, watching her son 
with his dream girl. She gazed over Janey's small, rounded, creamy ass, 
seeing it squirm as the girl, pressed her lower body against Mike.

Laura's smile became wider as she saw them kissing. At first they began 
in an almost shy way, then went after each other hungrily. Mike's hand 
went to a small ass cheek, his fingers curling about it as Janey 
twisted and writhed against him. They seemed to be trying to devour 
each other, her son's moans mixing with the girl's soft whimpers.

The two weren't really hugging, but clawing at each other's body, their 
hands racing up and down as if they couldn't feel enough bare flesh. 
Janey was clutching handfuls of his tight ass, drawing him as hard as 
she could against her body. Laura knew the pleasure Janey was getting 
by feeling her son's hard, throbbing cook pressing against her. Then 
she saw the swollen head of her son's cock slide between Janey's 
thighs, protruding just below the girl's exquisite little ass. Laura 
could not resist feeling her son's dripping cock. She ran her thumb 
over Mike's seeping piss hole and smeared it about the curve of Janey's 
ass, then shoved her face down and licked her finger, tasting not only 
Janey's heated ass flesh, but the juice from her son's cock as well.

After dragging her tongue up and down the tantalising crack of Janey's 
ass and over the head of her son's cock, Laura sat back again, letting 
them enjoy each other. She was finding herself excited from watching 
them. Her cunt was pulsing hotly, her eyes burning. She was watching 
their hands move everywhere, hearing them breathe in short, excited 
gasps, seeing their tongues lick now and then.

As if both had the idea at the same time, Mike and Janey sank to the 
floor. Laura watched them clinging to each other. Janey was on her 
back, and her legs spread as Mike's hand slipped between them. Watching 
her son caress that cunt she had sucked and kissed and licked so many 
times drove Laura wild. Janey twisted and tossed her pretty little ass 
about as Mike began to fuck her cunt with his finger. Laura saw Janey 
was grasping the bay's cock with a firm grip, jerking in short, swift 
strokes on his prick. Mike's mouth went to a pink, sugary nipple and 
began to suck hungrily on it.

Janey gurgled and arched her cunt into the air, grinding at his 
plunging finger, her fist jacking his cock in a frenzy of erotic heat.

Between his finger-fucking thrusts, Mike would run his palm up and down 
the smooth inner surfaces of Janey's thigh, slip it far past her cunt 
and squeeze her tight ass cheeks, then plunge his finger up her 
succulent cunt again. They moaned and sighed, whimpered and sobbed, 
their ecstasy inflaming their young minds and Laura's, too. It was so 
beautiful, watching them as they touched and probed, their hands 
everywhere.

"Fuck me!" Janey groaned, thrusting her cunt into the air. "Fuck me, 
Mike! Ohhh, fuck me!"

Laura shoved a hand under her skirt as she saw her son slip between 
Janey's slender, widely-splayed thighs. Janey clasped his cock and 
brought it to her bubbling, steaming cunt.

"Ooooo!" Janey hissed as Mike's cock rammed into her tight, overheated 
cunt. "Ooooooo, yes!"

Laura began to scramble about for a better view, and the best she could 
manage was seeing her son's balls bounce as he plunged his cock 
frantically into the cunt he had wanted to fuck for so long.

But then Janey lifted her legs, held them straight up, causing her ass 
to lift. Now Laura saw her son's throbbing hard cock fucking furiously 
into that honey-like cunt. The shaft of his prick, glistened from the 
moisture of Janey's pussy, and her pink pussy lips, glistening with 
that pale blonde hair, were clutching Mike's cock with a desperate 
hunger. Janey bounced her ass up and down, squealing in loud ecstasy, 
her hands clawing at Mike's bobbing ass cheeks, clutching them, 
squeezing them, trying to pull his cock deeper into her pussy.

"Fuck me, Fuck me, Fuck me!"

Janey was gurgling mindlessly, churning violently beneath Mike's 
fucking cock.

Laura squatted, her knees wide, her finger fucking into her own cunt as 
she watched, her eyes so hot she could hardly see. She was gasping in 
pleasure as much as Janey and her son were.

Then Janey was on her hands and knees, her sweet ass wiggling in the 
air. Mike was on his knees behind her, his cock still ramming her cunt 
powerfully, his hands digging into her shaking ass cheeks. Laura moved 
closer, breathing raggedly, looked  between the spread of Janey's cute 
ass, past her clenching asshole, watching her son's cock pound and rain 
and fuck. He fucked deeply, then pulled the smoothly swollen cock head 
completely out, only to ram back into that boiling young cunt once 
more.

"Ooooo ... ohh ... ahhhhh!" Janey sobbed as she twisted and tossed her 
naked ass about, arching her back and lifting her cunt to take more of 
that brutal pounding. "Oh, fuck it, fuck it, fuck it! Pound my hot 
cunt, Mike! Ohhh, fuck the piss out of my hot pussy, my cunt, my twat, 
my snatch ... fuck me, fuck me!"

Mike could only grunt and moan and keep fucking.

Laura, still plunging her finger into her cunt, could not resist 
sliding her other hand down and under Janey's shaking stomach. She ran 
her finger through the pale-blonde cunt hair and touched her son's 
balls. Taking them in her hand, she squeezed, bringing more moans of 
ecstasy from her son. Pulling her finger out of her cunt, she grasped 
her son's ass, her finger brushing at his asshole as she squeezed the 
ass cheek. She was panting heavily, and her cunt was convulsing in a 
powerful manner, although she was not being touched there.

"Oh, baby, baby!" Laura sobbed. "Fuck that little cunt! Oh, honey ... 
fuck her! Ram your cock up that tight, hot pussy! Feed Janey that cock! 
Stretch her wet, hot pussy with your beautiful, hard cock! Fuck her, 
darling--fuck the piss out of her hot little pussy!"

Janey was not saying anything. Her head was resting on the carpet, and 
she was biting into her bottom lip and moaning. Her naked body shook, 
and from the way her pink asshole clenched, Laura knew the girl was 
caught up in a series of orgasms, orgasms that rippled through her body 
relentlessly. And she knew, from having had her tongue up that cunt, 
that it was squeezing her son's cock in rapid contractions like a 
tight, very wet, very hot, fist. She felt her son's balls drawing up 
tightly at the base of his prick, and she held them a bit more lightly 
now, still rubbing at his asshole with her finger.

A loud grunt came from Mike.

He rammed his cock hard and deep and Laura could no longer see Janey's 
flexing asshole. Her son's body became very stiff, his ass cheeks 
clutching at her finger which was still against his asshole.

Then the youth's spasms started.

"Fill her cunt with that sweet come juice!" Laura shouted, her eyes 
glassy. "Come into her tight cunt, darling!"

Mike's cock squirted rapidly, splashing his come juice into Janey's 
steamy fuck hole. Laura saw Janey's uplifted, naked ass shake as her 
son came into that bubbling pussy.

Mike withdrew his cock, sitting back on the floor, then sprawled 
backwards, his cock wet.

Laura caressed Janey's trembling ass. Janey was so exhausted by the 
series of orgasms that had burned through her she could not even lower 
her ass. It remained in the air, swaying as she moaned softly with the 
glow of her ecstasy. Laura could see Janey's cunt lips pulsing, the 
thick white come juice from Mike's cock seeping from her pussy. The 
desire to shove her face down and into that cunt was very strong, to 
lick and taste and swallow her son's come juice from the sweetest cup 
in the world.

She contented herself with kissing the shivering cheek of Janey's ass, 
licking her tongue about her creamy ass cheek instead.

Finally Janey lowered her hips, slowly. She turned onto her side, her 
face radiant, her eyes sparkling, her grin huge.

"Ohhh! Oooo, Laura," she whispered. "That was ... oh, that was 
fantastic!"

Laura smiled down at the girl, stroking one of her small, tight tits. 
"Sorry you waited so long, honey?"

"Oh, yes!"

Mike, recovered somewhat, sat up and Janey lay on her side, one knee 
bent. Her tender cunt was exposed to his hot eyes. Laura leaned over 
and kissed Janey, licking her tongue slowly along the girl's lips.

Mike, surprised, said: "Mom, you ... wanted her too?"

Laura sat up, fondling Janey's succulent tits as she smiled at her son. 
"Of course I want her, too. And she wants me."

"How do you ...

Janey giggled, sitting up. She saw Mike's cock, and immediately reached 
for it. "Anything wrong with that, Mike?" she asked in a whispery 
voice.

Mike looked from Janey to his mother, then burst out laughing. "Not a 
thing that I know of."

Laura hugged them both tightly against her body, kissing first one then 
the other. When she released them, her son was already playing with 
Janey's tits. Laura sat back, her arms behind her, legs out, tits 
thrusting against her blouse. She watched them for a moment, then felt 
the heat still in her cunt. She twisted her ass against the floor, her 
eyes becoming glazed with desire.

Mike and Janey were again kissing each other, not as hungrily as 
before, but still licking tongues and feeling about one another's body. 
Although she wanted her son's cock in her cunt, fucking her, she gave 
the two youngsters time to get over their initial excitement.



Chapter 10

 Janey remained for dinner.

Laura was amused, and excited, when both her son and Janey refused to 
put on clothing, even shorts and panties.

"Now that I've got her," Mike said, "I don't want her to ever wear 
clothes."

"You haven't got her, baby," Laura laughed. "Janey isn't yours."

"Yes I am," Janey replied. "I'm gonna be his girlfriend from now on, 
Laura. I don't want any of those other guys. They're so silly, and they 
probably don't know how to fuck me anyway."

"Puppy love," Laura said. "Just puppy love."

"Have you ever seen puppies fucking, Janey?" Mike asked. "I haven't."

Janey giggled. "No, not puppies."

"Then how can this be puppy love?"

Laura knew the bitter-sweetness of first love, and since this one was 
combined with wild, erotic fucking, it was stronger than most, perhaps. 
But she knew her son and Janey would see others one of these days, and 
feel that hot yearning between their thighs. Then they would go their 
separate ways.

But in the meantime ...

Mike was a little angry when they told him what they had been doing 
when he was out of the house--that his mother and Janey had been 
sucking each other. But he was not turned off because they sucked each 
other's cunt. It excited him tremendously ...

They were back in the living room, and it was getting close to dusk.

"I'm not gonna go home until midnight," Janey said, fondling Mike's 
cock.

"Won't your parents be worried?" Laura asked.

"Fuck them up their goddamned assholes!" Janey blurted. "I'm tired of 
them always being so fucking goody-goody. I don't wanna hear them say 
what a bad person you are just because you're divorced. What do they 
know, anyway?" Then she giggled. "They do things, you know."

"What things, honey?" Laura asked.

"My mom takes it up the ass."

"Oh, she does, does she?" Laura chuckled. "How do you know, Janey?"

"I peeked. I heard them in the bedroom and I looked in. My mom was on 
her hands and knees, begging my father to fuck her up the ass. And he 
did, too! I've seen them fuck a lot of times, but they don't know it."

"That was where you got the idea about licking my asshole?"

Janey nodded. "I saw my mom licking my dad's asshole and jacking him 
off at the same time."

"Did your dad come?" Mike asked, sliding his hand up and down one of 
Janey's long, slender thighs.

"Did he! He came all over the fucking bed. Mom tried to get her mouth 
on his cock in time, but she missed, and he came all over her face. She 
was twisting her ass around and her hairy cunt was really steaming! You 
should have seen it, Mike!"

Laura saw the gleam come into her son's eyes. "No you don't, young man. 
No peeking for you. Any peeking you do is going to be right here. You 
want to look at cunt, you can look at my hairy cunt."

"Laura, we can see them easy," Janey said. "They never pull the drapes 
in their bedroom and they always leave the light on. They'd never know 
we looked."

Mike was excited by the idea. His cock was up and throbbing in Janey's 
small, hot hand. How could she refuse him this opportunity to see 
another couple fucking? Besides, she thought, it would serve the 
hypocrites right.

"Well, just once maybe," she said. "But I don't want you to make a 
habit of looking into windows."

Janey giggled. "Yeah, and don't go getting any ideas that you can fuck 
my mom. She'd probably faint with shame if anyone knew what they do. 
Beside, you don't need her big old cunt anyway. You've got mine now."

"And mine," Laura said.

"You did promise to fuck Mike if I would," Janey said.

"No I didn't," Laura replied. "But I fuck him all the time anyway. 
We've been fucking since the day you came here."

"I wanna see" Janey squealed.

Laura still had her skirt and blouse on. She opened her blouse to 
expose her big tits, then pulled her skirt to her waist, spreading her 
knees wide.

Mike knew what to do. He knelt between his mother's thighs, with Janey 
at Laura's right hip.

"Let me stick your cock in her pussy," Janey gurgled, taking Mike's 
cock in her hand as he pushed toward his mother's hair- lined cunt.

Janey squealed with delight as she saw Mike's cock slide into his 
mother's cunt, and then she grabbed his balls in one hand, stroking her 
fingers through the thick curls of Laura's pussy hair. Mike began to 
fuck his mother, and when Janey smiled up at him, he pressed his lips 
to hers, cupping a small tit. Laura grasped her own tits and squeezed, 
fucking her pussy up and down on her son's thrusting cock.

Janey looked down again, watching Mike fuck that hairy cunt of his 
mother's. She shoved a hand under Laura's writhing naked ass, holding 
an ass cheek. Laura sobbed softly as she thrashed her hips up and down. 
The ecstasy was intense for her because Janey was watching her fuck her 
son.

"Does it feel good, Laura?" Janey asked.

"So good, so fucking good!" Laura grunted as she fucked her hairy pussy 
onto her son's plunging cock.

"My mother's cunt is hot, Janey, like yours," Mike said as he panted. 
"I want to fuck both of you forever!"

The excitement burned hotly inside Laura, and her cunt erupted quicker 
than ever before. She came with spastic jerks of her hips, whining 
softly, and her son still fucked back and forth in her slippery cunt.

And then he jerked his cock from her pussy. "I want to fuck you, 
Janey!" he said. "I want to fuck you and Mom together!"

Janey looked puzzled, but Laura pulled her up until the girl was 
straddling her, and they were facing each other. Laura gripped the 
sweetness of Janey's ass cheeks, positioning the girl so her pale 
blonde cunt hair mingled with the dark pussy hair below. Mike stared at 
his mother's hairy cunt and Janey's sugary pussy, so close together.

As Laura shoved her mouth to Janey's, she hissed at her son: "Fuck us! 
Fuck both our cunts this way, Mike!"

Mike rammed his cock into his mother's cunt, fucked in and out a few 
times, then jerked his cock out and thrust it up Janey's clasping 
pussy. Janey and Laura whimpered into each other's mouth, tongues 
sucking and licking. Laura clung to Janey's shaking ass cheeks and 
Janey managed to clasp Laura's tits.

Mike fucked first one cunt, then the other, his hands moving over his 
mother's thighs and Janey's legs, then over Janey's ass checks. Laura 
scissored her hot thighs about her son's hips, and Janey shivered and 
twisted her naked little ass about.

"Oooo, we're both getting fucked, Laura!" Janey crooned as she fucked 
her cunt onto Mike's cock. "Mike is fucking both of us!"

Mike found a distinct difference between his mother's cunt and Janey's. 
At the time, he was far too excited to know what that difference was, 
however. His cock was ramming from cunt to cunt, his balls drawing up, 
his excitement intense. He could see Janey's asshole, his mother's 
hairy pussy below.

"Fuck us!" his mother groaned. "Fuck our cunts, darling! Ohhh, baby, 
give our cunts that hard, beautiful, sweet cock!"

"Oooo, yes, yes!" Janey wailed. "Fuck me ... fuck my pussy! Fuck your 
mother's cunt ... fuck us both!"

"Oh, God! I'm coming!" Laura yelped, digging her fingers into Janey's 
tight ass. "I'm coming!"

"Ahhhh, so am I!" Janey wailed. "Ooo, my cunt is burning up ... and I'm 
coming so hard!"

Mike rammed into the two convulsing cunts powerfully, gritting his 
teeth as his come-load boiled about in his balls. He wanted to come 
into both cunts, come in his mother's pussy and also up Janey's cunt.

He felt his come juice racing through his cock, and spurted it into 
Janey's cunt, then jerked quickly free and rammed his cock into his 
mother's pussy, coming there. From cunt to cunt he went, but most of 
his come juice spurted over the two cunts more than inside them. By the 
time he finished coming, his mother's hairier cunt and Janey's lightly 
haired pussy were coated with his come juice.

The orgasms all three had enjoyed were very strong, and it was some 
time before they could even sit up. Janey, still sprawled over Laura's 
body, gasped heavily, her tight ass shivering. Laura, holding Janey's 
small waist, seemed to tremble without end. Mike, sitting on the floor 
and breathing hard, continued to gaze at those two come-drenched cunts.

Slowly, Janey rolled from Laura and slipped to the floor near Mike. 
Laura, still tired, lay on the couch with her ass hanging from the 
cushions, her eyes slitted with the hot glow of being fucked along with 
Janey by her son. Her cunt was still pulsing as if his cock were still 
fucking in and out of it.

Since her son and Janey were once more hugging and kissing and feeling 
about each other, she finally struggled upright and then to her feet. 
She pulled her blouse off and dropped it, then her skirt, wanting to be 
naked. She stood with her feet apart, and the two kids looked up at 
her. They saw her hairy cunt and the curves of her ass between her 
thighs, and Laura did a short, jerky bump and grind for them, her hands 
on her swelling ass cheeks. Then she laughed a low throaty sound.

She waggled her naked ass on the way to the kitchen, feeling those 
young eyes on her ass. As she prepared herself a glass of tea, she knew 
there was going to be some hot fucking in this house for a while. How 
long it would last depended on Mike and Janey. But she would have her 
son for a few more years, she thought. And if not Janey, Laura knew 
there would be another girl someplace, perhaps a woman, and she could 
share and enjoy cunt and tits and ass with her son for years to come.

Maybe there would be a boy or man for her eventually. She knew erotic 
people seemed to find each other somehow. Maybe it was the way they 
looked at one another. Whatever, they always seemed to find each other 
in time.

Laura stayed in the kitchen for a while, sip ping the tea and looking 
ahead, trying to see what the future held for her and Mike. The only 
thing she could count on was fucking. They would certainly fuck and 
suck. And Janey? Janey would eventually think she was in love with some 
other boy, and go off with him. There was nothing permanent here, Mike 
and Janey were much too young to form a permanent bond, she felt. It 
would be a sense of loss when and if Janey found another boy, Laura 
knew. She had grown to like the girl, like her other than just 
sexually. But it would happen eventually, she knew.

Finishing with her tea, Laura went back to the living room. Janey was 
on her hands and knees, waving her beautiful ass about in the air. Mike 
was behind her, and Laura saw that he was shoving his swollen cock head 
against her pink asshole.

"Be gentle now, Mike," Laura said.

"I want it, Laura!" Janey mewled. "I asked him to fuck me in my 
asshole. I wanna get fucked up the ass like my mom! Stick that cock up 
my ass, Mike!"

Laura spread the girl's creamy ass cheeks with her hands, looking down 
as her son, s cock pressed against Janey's asshole. Janey gave a yelp 
as the swollen cock bead popped in, but with a sudden motion, she 
pushed her ass back until Mike's cock was buried all the way. She was 
begging Mike to fuck her up her ass.

Mike fucked gently and slowly for a moment, but Janey wouldn't have it 
that way.

"Faster and harder! Fuck my ass fast and hard! You're not hurting me 
... I love it! It feels so good! Now I know why my Mom likes being 
fucked in the ass!"

Laura watched the girl's small ass shake and jiggle, twist and churn as 
her son fucked into her asshole. She lifted one of Mike's hands, 
placing it on her naked tit. When he squeezed her tit, she thrust her 
tongue into his mouth. Breaking the kiss, she looked down, seeing his 
cock stretching the girl's pink asshole. Leaning close, Laura began to 
lick about Janey's ass. She ran a hand under the girl and fondled her 
small, firm tits. Janey wiggled and tossed her ass about, squealing 
with her boiling ecstasy. Laura tried to lick the shaft of her son's 
cock as it fucked back and forth, stretching Janey's young asshole. 
This was difficult, so she satisfied herself by licking about the 
girl's shivering ass cheeks.

"I'm about to ... I'm going to come!" Mike shouted.

"Ooooo, do it, do it!" Janey gurgled. "Fuck that cock up my ass ... 
come in my asshole!"

Laura squeezed Janey's tit hard as her son flooded the girl's tight ass 
with come, and she felt Janey shudder into orgasm at the same time.

Very slowly, with a hiss of her breath, Janey pulled her asshole from 
Mike's cock. Laura saw the ass pucker close as it slurped from the head 
of her son's prick, a soft, moist sucking sound coming from Janey's 
asshole.

Janey lay on the floor, her ass quivering, her breathing heavy. Both 
Laura and her son caressed and fondled Janey's small ass, and then both 
began to kiss her ass cheeks. Their tongues met occasionally then ran 
up and down the sweetness of her young ass cheeks. Mother and son 
licked and kissed Janey's thighs and ass, leaving wet trails on her 
bare flesh. Janey trembled beneath them, mewling softly in pleasure.

"That's enough of that," Laura laughed, slapping the girl's pretty ass 
lightly.

"OOO, don't stop now," Janey whined, turning over. "I think I'm gonna 
come again."

"You would," Laura said. "Let's give it a rest for a little while. 
You're trying to wear that little cunt out, and believe me, that's 
impossible."

It was dark outside now, yet still early.

Mike had a hard-on as he caressed Janey and his mother. His cock 
throbbed up as he sat between them on the couch, his arm around their 
shoulders and a hand filled with tit. Janey and Laura kissed and licked 
at his face, both stroking his cock and balls in turn. He leaned back 
with a sigh of pleasure, letting them stroke and touch his hard fucker.

Then Laura licked her way down the boy's chest, over his stomach. Janey 
stared down watching with hot eyes as Laura ran her tongue up and down 
her son's cock, fluttering it at his piss hole. The girl scooted from 
the couch and knelt at Mike's hip, her eyes glowing as she saw Laura 
suck her son's cock deeply into her mouth.

"Let me!" Janey squealed with excitement. "Let me suck his cock too, 
Laura!"

They began flopping Mike's cock back and forth into each other's mouth-
-their eyes bright with desire, gazing at each other as lips stretched 
and tongues licked. Both licked the dripping piss hole of Mike's cock 
at the same, tongues touching. Laura ran her lips and tongue onto his 
balls. As one sucked on his cock, the other sucked his balls Mike 
writhed and twisted about, grunting with delight, his hands resting on 
top of those heads that moved about his crotch.

Laura pulled both her son's balls into her wet mouth, and Janey sank 
her mouth down, her lips stretching around Mike's throbbing hard-on. 
Laura watched, her mouth full of the youth's tight balls as Janey 
sucked his cock.

Janey sucked up and down, whimpering softly, her wet lips gliding 
easily over his prick.

Laura felt a small hand slide up her thighs, then a finger penetrated 
her wet pussy, fucking in and out. Reaching under her son's thighs, she 
rubbed at Janey's cunt. As Janey sucked up off Mike's cock, Laura 
released his balls and ran her tongue up to take his cock into her 
mouth, watching Janey suck one of his balls into her mouth.

They began to alternate, one sucking Mike's cock as the other sucked 
his balls. Mike began to arch his hips up and down, mumbling that he 
was about to come.

Janey squealed with horny excitement. "I wanna taste it! I want him to 
come in my mouth first, Laura! I wanna suck his come in to my mouth! 
Mike, come in my mouth!"

Laura did not argue. She would have her son coming into her mouth many 
times. This was the first time for Janey.

She watched Juicy close her lips about Mike's cock, sucking in a 
frantic manner. Her blonde hair bounced as she fucked her face on the 
teenager's prick.

As Mike came, Janey's eyes, wide open and unfocused seemed to roll 
about. She was no longer sucking up and down swiftly, but holding the 
head of Mike's come-gushing cock with her lips, her slender throat 
bobbing as she swallowed his jism. She sucked until Mike finished 
coming off then she lifted her head and ran her tongue over her lips, 
grinning widely.

"That's good!" she giggled. "I go for the taste of come juice, really 
go for it!"

"Where did you learn to suck a cock like that?" Laura asked. "I thought 
you never sucked cock before, Janey."

"I saw Mom sucking Dad off, and that's the way she sucks cock."

"What else have you seen your mother and father do?" Mike asked.

"Everything!" Janey giggled. "They do a little of everything."

Laura thought they sounded like fun, but she knew she would never be 
able to fuck with them, not with their present attitude toward her. But 
there would be others.

Janey's glistening lips looked puffy from being stretched about Mike's 
cock, but Laura knew the girl had enjoyed cock- sucking so much, she 
wouldn't complain if her lips had been bruised.

"I know this other guy," Janey said, her eyes turning dreamy. "He's 
always looking at me, and I make sure he sees enough. He gets the great 
big hard-on and ..."

It's beginning sooner than I expected, Laura thought. She listened to 
Janey talk about another boy, watching her expression, and she knew it 
would only be a matter of days before Janey had her hot little hands on 
that boy's cock.


The End 




When Mom And Dad Are Away by Author Unknown


Chapter 1


The first thing Jenny did when she got home from school on the day her 
parents left on vacation was to take off all her clothes. She didn't 
know why she did it exactly--she just found herself doing it. With all 
the doors of the house locked and all the curtains drawn and nobody to 
see her, she stripped in the living room and trotted from one end of 
the house to the other, giggling as her young tits bounced naked and 
free.

In her parents' bedroom, she posed in front of the mirror, running her 
hands up and down her silky-smooth skin, admiring the size of her tits 
and the voluptuous shape of her teenage body. She pulled her silky, 
blonde hair in front of her shoulders and let the ends tickle her large 
pink cherries, which swelled with tingly bumps and a pair of nipples 
like fingertips. She stretched her arms overhead, dancing with sinuous 
movements of her gymnast's body. Her hairless armpits were moist with 
sweat. The golden fuzz on her tanned belly glowed in the soft afternoon 
light that filtered through the curtains.

"You dirty little girl," she said out loud, leering mischievously at 
herself in the mirror.

For the first time in her life she was actually alone in the house, and 
she felt like being naughty. She didn't understand why she felt this 
way. All she knew that the excitement was racing through her body, 
pounding in her loins, and she felt like being wicked and running 
around the house stark naked.

She headed for the kitchen, where she found some fruit and yogurt in 
the refrigerator. Sitting naked at the kitchen table, she shimmied her 
bare legs together as she ate. If her mother and father could see her 
now, she didn't know what they'd do--probably both die of heart 
attacks. She was being such a wicked girl, but she couldn't help it. 
For the first time in her life she felt free. Until this moment she'd 
never realized just how unfree she'd been all her life. She couldn't 
understand it, but those were her feelings.

The telephone rang, startling her so that she jumped. It was as if 
somebody had suddenly barged in through the kitchen door and caught her 
naked at the table. Her heart pounding, she got up and snatched the 
phone off the hook on its third ring.

"Jenny, are you all right?" The voice was only too familiar--Barb, her 
old baby-sitter.

"Of course," Jenny said. "Why wouldn't I be all right?"

"You sounded strange when you answered," Barb said. "And you're 
breathing hard."

"I was--exercising," Jenny said. "Anything I can do for you?"

"I'm just calling to check on you and Skip," Barb said. "Your mother 
asked me to call from time to time while they're gone, to see how the 
two of you are getting along."

"Mom and Dad only left a few hours ago," Jenny said, annoyed. "And Skip 
and I can take care of ourselves. We're not babies anymore, you know."

"Of course you're not, darling. I just wanted to let you know that I'm 
here if you need me. If anything comes up you can't handle, give me a 
call. Is Skip home, by the way?"

"He's got track practice after school," Jenny said.

"Every afternoon?"

"I don't know. Not tomorrow, I don't think. Why?"

Barb chuckled foolishly. "Oh, no reason. Just curious. Well, I'm glad 
everything's all right. I'll call again soon."

"Don't bother," Jenny said after she'd hung up the receiver.

Jenny carried her clothes and schoolbooks up to her bedroom. Barb's 
call had cooled her off. Even with her parents out of town there was 
still a nosy adult spying on her. Why couldn't she just be left alone 
for once? Didn't her parents trust her? She'd never given them any 
reason not to trust her, and neither had her twin brother Skip.

Both she and Skip had got straight A grades all through school, and 
their grades for conduct were perfect too. Skip was a star in wrestling 
and track, and Jenny was a varsity cheerleader, and a member of the 
gymnastics team. She and Skip were the perfect son and daughter of a 
pair of model parents. What could her parents possibly be worried 
about?

In the upstairs bathroom, Jenny weighed herself and measured her waist. 
Both measurements were exactly what the gymnastics coach said they 
should be. She picked up her hairbrush and brushed her long blonde hair 
in front of the mirror. It was so nice to be able to stand here naked 
like this with the bathroom door wide open, and to walk around the 
house naked. Her tits jiggled as she brushed her hair, and she found 
herself licking her lips at the sight of them. The nervous excitement 
began throbbing again in her loins and soon she'd forgot all about 
Barb's intrusive phone call.

She wiggled into the hallway and did a few cartwheels, laughing as her 
naked tits flipped and flopped. She sank down into a full split, then 
pressed into a handstand. Wouldn't it be exciting, she thought, to have 
a girls' gymnastics meet where all the contestants were stark naked?

The thought was so wicked that she giggled. She flipped down from the 
handstand and landed on her feet. She was standing outside Skip's 
bedroom.

She'd never been in Skip's bedroom alone before, and certainly not 
without any clothes on. But for some reason now, she couldn't resist. 
She literally shivered with excitement as she slipped through Skip's 
door.

Athletic trophies sat on the dresser and bookshelves. At least a dozen 
pictures of Skip on various athletic teams hung on the walls. The room 
was neat and clean, just like Skip. Jenny didn't know what possessed 
her, but she gave in to the urge to snoop in Skip's dresser drawers.

Her breath quickened at the sight of Skip's sweat socks and jockstraps. 
She'd never done anything so wicked as this in her life. Under some T-
shirts in the lower, left-hand drawer, she discovered a key. She tried 
the key in the one dresser drawer that had a lock on it and the drawer 
slid open. She frowned at the sight of several pairs of panties in the 
drawer. They were unwashed girls' panties! The aroma of pussy drifted 
to her nose.

"What the heck?" Jenny gingerly picked up the panties and found that 
two pair were her own! She'd wondered where they'd disappeared to. 
"Skip, what is all this?"

Under the panties she found a lock of blonde hair tied up with some 
yarn. It looked a lot like her own hair. And there were several small 
envelopes with a different girl's name on the front of each. She opened 
the envelope labeled Jenny, and inside she found what looked like 
pussy-hairs--blonde pussy-hairs like her own. The other envelopes 
contained pussy-hairs too, hairs of various colors.

"I don't believe this!" she whispered. She picked up a notebook in the 
drawer and started paging through it. The handwriting in it was Skip's, 
and the dirty words that she saw everywhere made her blush. Skip never 
used such words. She caught sight of her own name and couldn't believe 
what she read.    I pry apart Jenny's pussy lips. They're elastic, and 
covered with blonde fur. The meat between them is pink and juicy. She's 
so sizzling-hot inside there's pussy-steam coming out of her hole. I 
just about faint from sniffing her smell. I suck on her clit and she 
groans that she can't stand it, that I've got to fuck her right now or 
she'll go crazy. I slide up between her legs and stick my prickhead 
between her pussy-lips. The sizzling lips close around my knob and I 
almost cream it feels so good. Jenny moans as I slide my cock all the 
way up her butter-slick cunt. I'm in her to the hilt, my prick just 
about jumping out of its skin with pleasure. Her cunt starts clamping 
around my cock as I start to ram ...

 Jenny snapped the notebook shut. Her hands were shaking. As best she 
could, she put back everything in the drawer as she'd found it, then 
closed the drawer, locked it, and put the key back where she'd found 
it. Flushed and dizzy, she tiptoed out of Skip's room and staggered 
down the hallway to her own bedroom. She closed her door and locked it. 
Her inner thighs were slick with lubricant that had leaked out of her 
cunt. Lying back on her bed, she spread her legs and stuck her right-
hand middle finger up her pussy.

She moaned, her toes clutching, tremors of pleasure pulsing through her 
body. She closed her eyes, trying not to think about what she'd found 
in Skip's bedroom, trying to concentrate completely on the sensations 
coursing through her body. She wanted to forget what she'd discovered 
in Skip's bedroom, which was something too wicked to even think about. 
How could he! How could her perfect twin brother possibly have written 
such filthy things! She must have imagined it!

She writhed on the bed, moaning as she finger-fucked her sizzling, 
juice-oozing crotch. Each thrust of her finger up her virgin fuck-hole 
sent an electric current through her loins and made her gasp. Her 
slippery, squirming, red-hot clit screamed with sensation each time her 
finger touched it and she chewed her lips to keep from crying out loud.

She wasn't in the habit of masturbating. She never did it unless she 
absolutely had to, only did it when the sexual tension built to such a 
pitch in her loins that she could think of nothing else but relieving 
herself of the agony. Twice, maybe three times a month, she was forced 
to relieve herself. Once a week at the most. Masturbation was a wicked, 
sinful practice. If anybody ever found out she jerked off, she'd never 
be able to face them again.

"Oooh, yesss!" she breathed.

Despite herself, she felt so good she wanted to whine out loud. As she 
squirmed on the bed, her blonde head rolling from side to side, her 
right hand jerking rhythmically between her legs, she massaged her 
belly and tits with her left hand. Her skin was so smooth and silky and 
hot. She loved herself. As wicked and perverted as it sounded, she was 
crazy about her own voluptuous young body.

Barb had once told her she was pretty. They'd been in the bathroom. 
Barb was washing Jenny's hair as Jenny sat naked in the bathtub. Barb's 
soapy hands slid down, rubbing Jenny's pert young tits with her 
upturned cherries. She caught Jenny's nipples between her slick, hot 
fingers and Jenny's eyes rolled back. Barb slid a hand down between 
Jenny's thighs and started to rub her pussy. Shocked, yet delirious 
with pleasure, Jenny spread her legs and let Barb slide a finger up 
inside her. Jenny exploded in seconds, her pussy sucking Barb's finger 
like a voracious little mouth. Barb finger-fucked Jenny's spasming cunt 
until her blue eyes nearly popped out.

That's when and where Jenny had learned about the pleasures a finger 
could give her--from Barb, who had been Skip's and Jenny's baby-sitter 
since they'd been kids. And it was from Barb that Jenny had learned 
just how voluptuous and sexy her teenage body was. Jenny had never 
again allowed Barb to masturbate her, but once initiated, Jenny could 
never forget what pleasure her body was capable of.

Now, squeezing her thighs around her twisting right hand, Jenny rocked 
her loins up and down, fucking herself on her stiff, twisting middle 
finger. Lifting her tits with her left hand, pushing them toward her 
face, she darted her wet tongue at her nipples, each electric flick of 
her tongue across her sensitive nipple-flesh sending a rush of 
pleasure-tingles through her body and making her cunt contract. Her 
asscheeks flexed as she humped upward, cunt-fucking her finger. Hot 
juices seeped from her pussy, leaking down her ass-crack, leaving a 
moist stain on the bedspread under her ass.

"Ohhh, yessss!" she moaned, no longer biting her lips to stifle her 
pleasure-cries. She felt so good she couldn't help herself. But what 
did it matter anyway if she moaned out loud? She was alone in the 
house--all alone in the house for the first time in her life. She felt 
free! She was in heaven!

"I'm coming!" she whined. And she arched up, the spasms erupting in her 
loins, her cunt sucking fiercely at her finger. "Ohhh, yes!"

The pleasure exploded inside her and her body jerked.

Her eyes rolled back. Her toes clawed at the bedspread. She arched up, 
humping wildly with each rush of spasms through her loins. Pussy cream 
frothed from her cunt, dribbling down her ass-crack. She was a juicy 
mess between the legs, but what did it matter? All that mattered was 
the pleasure. She could die feeling like this and she wouldn't care.

Her humping slowed and she collapsed against the mattress, melting into 
it. Sweat misted her body and she shivered as the breeze coming in 
under the window curtains licked across her and gave her a momentary 
chill. The chill passed and her sweaty body throbbed again with heat.

Holding her breath, she pulled her finger out of her pussy. Her fuck 
juices were like spit running down her finger. She wiped the slippery 
fluid on her belly and tits, then gathered the bedspread up around her 
nude body and let herself relax totally. In seconds, she felt herself 
drifting toward sleep. Luxuriating in her warm, post-orgasmic bliss, 
she slipped into unconsciousness.



Chapter 2


 When Jenny woke up from her nap she wasn't sure of the date, time, or 
place. She unwrapped herself from the bedspread, startled to find 
herself stark naked, the bedspread under her ass moist, as if she'd wet 
the bed, she began to put things together, to recall what had happened 
before she'd fallen asleep. She hadn't taken an afternoon nap in many 
years, and she had never in her life slept stark naked, so at first she 
thought she might be dreaming, dreaming that she'd just woken up from a 
nap, dreaming that she was naked.

She pinched herself on the tender skin of her flank, to see if it would 
hurt.

"Ouch!" she said. She had definitely had not dreamed that pinch.

She stretched and yawned and forced herself to get up. She felt groggy. 
She felt like going back to sleep and sinking back into blissful 
forgetfulness, for she remembered now, remembered all that had happened 
since she'd got home from school this afternoon, and her face turned 
red with shame.

She debated whether to take a cold shower, a sort of punishment for her 
filthy behavior, or whether to put on her gymnastics outfit and do some 
hard exercise. She decided on the exercise. She needed activity to help 
take her mind off things.

Since nobody was going to see her, she didn't bother to put on a 
support bra or panties under her one-piece gymnastics uniform. Her legs 
and feet were naked, and she tied up her hair in back in a ponytail. 
Then she went down to the basement, which was outfitted with a large 
exercise mat, weights, and gymnastics equipment. On the exercise mat 
she sank immediately into a full split and began doing bending 
stretches. Since she wasn't warmed up, the stretches hurt, but pain was 
what she was after--she deserved punishment for her shameful behavior.

When Skip arrived home from wrestling practice an hour later, Jenny was 
dripping with sweat. She'd just about knocked herself out with 
stretching, calisthenics, and vigorous exercises on various apparatus. 
Skip, dressed in jeans, T-shirt, and athletic shoes without socks, 
dropped his gym bag on the floor and smiled at his twin sister, who was 
stretching in the full split position up on the balance beam, her toes 
pointed, a look of determination on her face.

"Hey, Sis, take it easy, there ain't any coach around to slave drive 
you today--or any parents, either. You're gonna pull a muscle and lay 
yourself up for a week."

Jenny looked up, wiping sweat off her face. She couldn't remember when 
she'd ever worked out so hard.

"I'm almost done," she said. "Mom left microwave dinners for us. I'll 
pop them in in a few minutes."

"Cool it," Skip said. "No need to hurry. I'm gonna take it easy with 
the folks gone, take a vacation of my own, not bust my ass rushing 
around doing homework and stuff. It's gonna be a relief having them off 
my back for a few weeks."

Jenny brought her legs together and slid down off the balance beam. As 
her feet hit the mat, a wave of dizziness caused her to lose her 
balance, and she staggered. She'd literally knocked herself out by 
overdoing her exercises.

Skip caught her before she fell, and her head fell against his chest. 
"Hey, are you all right?"

Wrapped in her brother's arms, Jenny started to tremble, and Skip held 
her tighter, pressing up against her. He stroked her head. His leg 
pressed up between her thighs, rubbing hard against her crotch.

"Sis, what's wrong?"

A wild excitement saturated Jenny's loins and suddenly she found 
herself in the throes of an orgasm. She clung to her twin brother, her 
body shuddering, her spasming teen crotch pressed to his muscular 
thigh. Her eyes rolled back and her bare toes clutched at the mat. The 
orgasm lasted only a few seconds, then passed away as quickly as it had 
come on.

Jenny pushed out of her brother's arms, trying to laugh. "I'm all 
right. I think I hyperventilated or something. I was doing some deep-
breathing exercises before you came in."

Skip studied her. "I thought you were gonna faint. You sure you're all 
right?"

"Of course, silly." Jenny did a cartwheel to show that she'd regained 
her balance. Her ponytail flip-flopped.

"If you say so," Skip said. He picked up his gym bag. "You know how to 
operate the washer and dryer? I got a shit-load of workout clothes to 
wash."

"I'll wash them for you," Jenny said.

"I can do it," said Skip. "Just show me how to operate the machines."

"I said I'll do it," Jenny said, taking the gym bag away from her 
brother. "And dinner will be ready in a half hour."

Skip went upstairs and Jenny went to the basement laundry room. She 
emptied Skip's gym bag on the floor--T-shirts, gym trunks, sweat-socks, 
and a jockstrap. Jenny began loading the clothing into the washer, but 
paused when she discovered that the pouch of Skip's jockstrap was 
moist. The woven, elastic pouch had supported Skip's balls only a short 
while ago at wrestling practice. Jenny started to tremble again and her 
breathing quickened.

What's happening to me? she thought. Then, as if she'd lost control of 
herself, she lifted the jockstrap to her nose and inhaled the scent of 
her brother's ball-sweat.

Her head whirled inside and she fell against the washer to keep from 
falling over with dizziness.

Am I losing my mind? she wondered. What am I doing? But even as she 
wondered, she couldn't help herself and she kept the jockstrap pressed 
to her nose, inhaling the scent of her brother's balls. Her right hand 
moved down between her thighs and her middle finger slipped under the 
crotch of her gymnastics uniform and up into her cunt. She started 
finger-fucking herself.

Each inhalation of her brother's ball-scent caused such a rush of 
excitement through her body that she nearly came. Her middle finger 
pistoned rapidly in her cunt and her fuck-juices dribbled down her hand 
and thighs. She couldn't stop herself. It was as if she were losing her 
mind. The throbbing feelings overwhelmed her body and she cared about 
nothing else but the pleasure.

"Oh, Skip!" she moaned, rocking her loins and humping as she finger-
fucked her pussy. She chewed on the sweat-moist jockstrap, sucking on 
it. She wanted to eat it, to swallow the flavor of her brother's balls. 
She closed her eyes, remembering how Skip had held her just minutes 
ago, and suddenly she was over the brink. Her eyes crossed as her body 
jerked with ecstasy.

She rubbed the jockstrap all over her face as she came, her pussy 
sucking fiercely at her thrusting middle finger, her body trembling 
with each delicious spasm. She leaned against the washer for support. 
If it hadn't been there, she would have collapsed on the concrete floor 
and rolled herself into a ball, squeezing her thighs together and 
crushing out the itchy, throbbing pleasure that racked her cunt.

When she'd regained her senses and caught her breath, she dropped the 
jockstrap into the washer with the rest of her brother's clothing and 
she set the water temperature to hot. Before she went upstairs, she 
wiped the insides of her thighs clean of pussy-juice with a towel.

At the dinner table a half hour later, Skip sat across from Jenny 
without either shoes on or a shirt. Jenny could hardly take her eyes 
off his muscles. Because she couldn't see the lower half of his body, 
he looked stark naked to her. From time to time his bare feet and her 
bare feet accidentally met under the table, and Jenny quickly drew her 
feet back. When this happened Skip would glance up and smile at her, 
and Jenny's face would flush with heat.

"I suppose you wanna know why I'm not wearing a shirt at the dinner 
table," Skip said.

"You read my mind," Jenny said.

"I'm not wearing a shirt just for the hell of it," Skip said. "Know 
what I mean? I mean, why wear a shirt on a warm evening like this just 
because I'm eating dinner? It's stupid. A guy oughta be comfortable."

"Mom would have a fit," Jenny said.

"I know," Skip said. "So would Dad. Which makes it that much more fun. 
They got all these stupid rules we're supposed to follow, even if the 
rules don't make any sense. Well, while they're gone I'm only gonna do 
what makes sense to me. Do you realize this is the first time in our 
lives we've been left alone in this house? This is the first time in my 
life I've ever been able to do what I want around here."

"I know what you mean," Jenny said.

Skip laughed, then patted his bare stomach and belched.

That night, for the first time that Jenny could remember, she couldn't 
sleep. She usually fell sound asleep at night the moment her body hit 
the bed, and then she slept like a dead person. Nothing short of 
somebody shaking her violently and shouting her name repeatedly could 
wake her up once she had slipped into deep sleep. Her mother often 
complained about the ordeal it was trying to wake up Jenny for school 
in the morning.

Maybe it was the accidental nap this afternoon that was interfering 
with her sleep now. Or maybe it was that her mind wouldn't stop 
churning. She kept thinking about the things she'd found in Skip's 
dresser drawer--the panties and cunt-hairs, the notebook in which he'd 
written things she couldn't believe. And then she remembered the way 
he'd caught her this afternoon in his arms and the way she'd 
immediately had an orgasm. Nothing like that had ever happened to her 
before. How could such a thing have happened? And she remembered the 
smell of Skip's jockstrap, still moist with the sweat of his balls. 
She'd actually sniffed it. She must have been out of her mind. And 
she'd jerked off sniffing it. How could she have done such a thing?

Her thoughts were interrupted suddenly when some light started beaming 
in under her bedroom door. Somewhere out there Skip had turned on a 
light. She listened for the sound of him using the bathroom, but she 
couldn't hear anything. Her bedside digital clock read nearly one in 
the morning. What was Skip doing up at this hour? Maybe he couldn't 
sleep either. She strained her ears for a while longer, then, hearing 
nothing, she got up as quietly as she could and stole from her room to 
investigate.

The hallway light was off, as was the bathroom light. Down at the end 
of the hallway, light beamed out through Skip's half open door. Holding 
her breath, Jenny tiptoed toward the light. She was dressed in nothing 
but her negligee. Peeking around Skip's half open door, she looked into 
his bedroom.

Skip stood stark naked in front of his dresser, his moving hand wrapped 
around his cock. The upper, left-hand drawer of his dresser was open 
and girls' panties spilled out onto the dresser top and floor. Skip had 
one of the panties pressed to his nose and was inhaling its scent, his 
eyes closed, his head swaying as if he were drugged. As he sniffed the 
panties and masturbated, fuck-lube dripped from the tip of his cock.

Jenny grabbed the door frame for support. Her head swam and she thought 
she might faint. The sight of her twin brother masturbating was almost 
more than she could stand. Her body flushed with heat from scalp to 
toes. Waves of lust pulsed from her loins and streamed to all parts of 
her body. She gazed in a trance, her eyes followed each rhythmic stroke 
of her brother's hand. Pussy-juice dribbled like hot sap down the 
insides of her thighs.

"Mmm, yeahhh!" Skip sighed. "Pussy!

He rubbed the silky panties all over his face and over his chest and 
nipples. He released his cock and let it quiver and throb in mid-air.

Jenny thought she must be hallucinating. That wasn't a cock sticking 
out of her brother's loins, it was a billy-club, or a rattlesnake. A 
cock that enormous couldn't be real! The line drawings of the erect 
male organ Jenny had studied in her sex-education books had looked 
nothing like this, or at least nowhere near this big. Jenny remembered 
the text beneath the drawings. 'The normal male penis ranges from 4 to 
7 inches.' Skip's cock looked almost twice the size Jenny thought it 
should be. And it was alive, throbbing crazily and dripping fluid.

Suddenly, Skip dropped the panties and swung toward the door and Jenny 
reacted instantly, jerking back out of sight before Skip caught sight 
of her. Then she ran tiptoe down the carpeted hallway to her room. In 
seconds, she was back behind her closed bedroom door and climbing into 
bed. She lay back, her heart pounding, sweat misting her forehead.

I must have been crazy! she thought. She had no time for anymore 
thoughts, because suddenly her door knob turned and her door opened a 
crack.

Jenny held her breath, watching as her bedroom door inched open wider 
and Skip slipped into her room. She could just make out his silhouette 
in the darkness. As he tiptoed toward her bed, Jenny let out her breath 
slowly, then tried to mimic the breath of a sleeper. Skip stood over 
her, looking down at her awhile. Then, he lowered himself until he was 
kneeling beside the bed. His breathing was heavy and shaky.

"Man!" he whispered. "Baby!"

Slowly, carefully, he raised the skirt of Jenny's negligee and 
uncovered her to the waist. He lowered his face between her thighs and 
kissed her muff.

Jenny stifled a gasp. She fought to keep her breathing deep and even. 
Skip laid his hands on the thighs and pushed on them, spreading her 
legs wider. His thumbs pressed into the spongy edges of her blonde 
pussy-lips and peeled them apart. He breathed hotly against her open 
crotch.

"Baby! Candy-cunt!" Skip pressed his lips to Jenny's cunt and gave her 
clit a sucking kiss.

Jenny's eyes rolled back behind her closed lids. An electric shock 
coursed through her loins, the sensations shooting all the way to her 
toes, which clutched sensuously. Her fingers dug into the bed sheets.

"Mmmm, baby!" Skip whispered, kissing up and down the inside of her 
cunt-lips, sucking up the dewy droplets of pussy-nectar. He nuzzled her 
clit and his tongue slipped up into her cunt.

Jenny couldn't stop herself. She sighed out loud, her loins straining 
upward, her cunt working itself deeper onto her brother's squirming 
tongue. Peering down at Skip through nearly closed eyelids, she saw the 
silhouette of his blonde head bobbing between her thighs. He growled 
softly, drinking her fuck-juices as he licked out her contracting 
pussy-hole.

Did he know that she was awake? If he did, he apparently didn't care. 
Maybe, though, he thought she was still sleeping. Maybe if he knew she 
was awake he'd freak out and run away and Jenny didn't want him to run 
away. She wanted him to keep doing what he was doing. She wasn't going 
to announce her wakefulness to Skip, but at the same time she couldn't 
very well control the reflexive responses of her young body to his 
cunt-sucking.

She breathed rapidly, letting out little gasps of pleasure, squirming 
against the mattress, her head tossing slowly from side to side. She 
kept her eyes closed enough so Skip, glancing up at her couldn't tell 
whether she was asleep or awake.

Skip pulled his tongue out of her. He was painting. Carefully, he 
pushed her negligee up higher, bunching the gauzy shift up above her 
tits. Then he rose up, leaning over her nakedness, and he kissed her 
tits and nipples, nibbled his way down her satin-smooth belly, licked 
out her navel and nuzzled his way back down to her cunt.

"Oh, Jenny!" He spread her legs wider, actually lifting up her thighs 
and pressing them to her tits. Sitting on the bed, he bent over her 
crotch and started slurping, lapping up the pussy-nectar that bubbled 
from her madly throbbing cunt and dribbled down her crotch. His tongue 
slipped between her asscheeks, slurping down the length of it, tasting 
her tangy ass-sweat and her pink, twitching asshole. His tongue probed 
her asshole and entered it.

Jenny's head swam. Even though she was lying on her back, she nearly 
fainted. The shock, the excitement, the pleasure were almost more than 
she could bear. Never in her life had anything entered her asshole, not 
even a finger, let alone somebody's tongue. She could not believe this 
was happening, nor could she believe the pleasure her brother's asshole 
reaming was giving her. She panted with each flick of his tongue 
against the sensitive walls of her asshole. Her toes spread and 
clutched and wriggled. She started to wiggle her ass, rubbing it in her 
brother's face.

Skip was growling, thrusting his tongue deeper up her tasty girlish 
butt-hole, rubbing his nose against her wet crotch. As the fuck-juices 
ran out of her cunt, they dribbled against Skip's nose and lips. He 
pulled his tongue out of her asshole and licked her crotch clean. Then 
he drove his tongue to the hilt up her cunt. As he licked her out, he 
pumped wildly on his lube-oozing prick.

Jenny's fingernails nearly tore through the bed sheets. She resisted 
with all her strength the impulse to grab her brother's head and to 
crush his face against her pleasure-raw crotch. Her entire body pulsed 
with sensation. Her nipples and toes and clit all felt like they were 
going to split open. She had never dreamed such pleasure was possible, 
pleasure so intense it verged on pain.

Skip buried his nose between her crotch-lips, rubbing it against her 
clit as he reamed out her cunt-hole with his tongue. His tongue jabbed 
inside her, from time to time hitting the ultra sensitive spot in her 
cunt that brought her instantly to the verge of orgasm. He seemed to 
know just where to lick inside her to send her through the roof with 
ecstasy. Jenny's eyes overflowed with tears, which ran down her cheeks. 
Her pleasure and excitement were close to knocking her out. Unable to 
control herself, she clamped her thighs around her brother's head, and 
the feel of his head gripped between her legs brought her off 
instantly.

Her cunt exploded, grabbing spastically around her brother's tongue, 
spurting pussy-juice into his mouth. She writhed against the mattress, 
grinding her crotch in Skip's face, moaning with abandon as the 
rhythmic jolts of ecstasy flashed through her body. Skip was choking, 
grunting, smothering between her thighs. Suddenly, his hot jism started 
spurting all over, some of it splashing against Jenny's ass and thighs, 
some of it landing on the mattress and floor. Skip shuddered as he 
came, each ejaculation making him groan. His tongue fluttered inside 
Jenny, electricity shooting from it into the pleasure-raw meat of her 
inner cunt.

At last, their orgasms subsided. Jenny's thighs relaxed, releasing 
Skip's head. As her legs slid back down to the mattress, Skip slid off 
the bed and stood up.

Jenny lay panting, her sweat-misted belly and tits rising and falling. 
Skip's cum had made a mess all over the sheets, and Jenny's legs and 
ass rested in puddles of it.

"Wow!" Skip whispered, wiping his mouth with his hand. His cock had 
softened, dangling half hard over his balls like a huge, floppy salami. 
He stood there, studying Jenny as he caught his breath.

Jenny's breathing slowed. She was still pretending to be asleep.

"Crazy girl," Skip said. "She could sleep through an earthquake."

He leaned over and pulled her negligee back down, covering her 
nakedness. Then he moved up and planted a kiss on her lips, pressing 
his own soft, spongy lips against her lips.

Jenny felt the flick of his tongue-tip between her lips. Her clit 
stiffened and squirmed. She felt herself melting. Skip broke their kiss 
before Jenny lost all control and threw her arms around him.

Skip tiptoed out of the bedroom and sealed shut her door behind him. 
Jenny lay quivering on her bed for several moments before she could 
gather the strength to sit up and swing her legs off the bed.

She felt around in the dark, smearing her fingers in Skip's cum on the 
sheets. Her toes felt for Skip's cum on the floor and had no trouble 
finding it, it was all over.

Jenny started shaking. She pulled off her negligee. In the dark, she 
got down on the floor, smearing her fingers in the puddles of Skip's 
cum and rubbing the sticky fluid on her tits and belly, raising her 
fingers to her nose and sniffing. The peppery scent of Skip's jism 
drove her crazy. She caught up a handful of the cock-juice and slapped 
it between her cunt-lips. Sitting cross-legged on the floor, she 
started jerking off with cum-wet fingers as she continued massaging cum 
into her skin. She came in minutes, her head swimming, her naked body 
jerking in the darkness.

Exhausted, she crawled back up on the bed and fell asleep instantly.



Chapter 3


 The next day in school, Jenny couldn't keep her mind on her work. The 
throbbing in her loins and the itch between her legs wouldn't quit. It 
was the way she used to feel when she hadn't masturbated for weeks. Now 
she was feeling that way even though she'd come several times 
yesterday. The problem was, she kept thinking about Skip and his big 
cock, and his hot, wet tongue. Every time she remembered the feel of 
his tongue wiggling inside her cunt, or up her asshole, she nearly 
jumped out of her skin with excitement. She didn't see how she was 
going to make it through the day without going crazy.

In physics class, which she always found unbearably dull, she crossed 
her bare legs under her skirt and started squeezing her thighs 
together, working her slick pussy-lips against each other, massaging 
her clit with the muscles of her cunt. She'd sworn that never in a 
million years would she ever masturbate in the classroom--as she'd so 
often observed other girls doing--but today it was either jack off in 
class or start screaming.

The physics classroom had double desks, which looked like tables, 
rather than single desks, and Jenny's desk was in the last row, in the 
corner. Her desk partner, Tricia Blake, a dizzy little ninny who chewed 
gum incessantly, noticed Jenny squeezing her legs together and gave 
Jenny a wicked smirk, which Jenny tried to ignore. Tricia knew very 
well what Jenny was doing, for Jenny had seen Tricia do the same thing 
many times before.

Tricia leaned toward Jenny. "How's it feel?"

Jenny turned red, but said nothing. If she hadn't been so unbearably 
horny, she'd have stopped masturbating immediately, but she couldn't 
stop. All she wanted to do was to get off so she could recover her 
sanity.

Jenny's breathing became heavier and more rapid, and she prayed that 
the whole classroom full of students wouldn't hear her and turn around 
to look at her. If Mr. Phelps the physics teacher spotted her, she'd 
throw herself out the window. She had to be out of her mind doing this, 
but she couldn't help herself.

"Feels good," Tricia whispered. "Don't it?"

The dizzy little bitch reached over and started stroking Jenny's lower 
back.

Jenny glared at Tricia, but she didn't push Tricia's hand away. The 
other girl's hand on her back felt good. She glanced down at Tricia's 
legs and saw that Tricia had crossed her own legs and was squeezing 
them together. Tricia's face was flushed, her eyes half closed as she 
reveled in her girlish pleasure.

For a moment, Jenny felt like slugging the other girl. How dare she! 
But a moment later, Jenny's excitement soared. There was something 
ultra-exciting about the two of them masturbating together, both of 
them pleasuring their teen pussies in the same way. She heard Tricia 
breathing deeper, saw Tricia's blue eyes glaze over as her pleasure 
increased.

Jenny was sopping wet between the legs. Pussy cream bubbled out between 
her cunt-lips like hot spit, drenching the crotch of her panties. The 
musky-sweet aroma of teen pussy rose in the air. Jenny was sure that 
Tricia was juicing just as much as she was.

"I'm gonna come!" Tricia whispered, and her eyes rolled back to white 
slits. A shiver went through her and her body jerked gently and 
rhythmically.

Jenny shimmied her thighs together in a last burst of masturbatory 
excitement. The fuck itch saturated her loins and the tension burst. 
Jenny clawed the desktop, trying to keep from toppling out of her seat 
as the spasms gnawed repeatedly through her cunt and nearly made her 
moan out loud.

After several seconds, a wave of relaxation flowed through her and she 
sighed. The boy in the seat in front of her glanced over his shoulder 
at her curiously and she stuck her tongue out at him. He stuck his 
tongue out at her and turned forward again.

"How was it?" Tricia whispered, but still Jenny ignored her. "Mine was 
heaven! Almost as good as a fuck!"

Jenny sighed and pretended to be interested in the equation Mr. Phelps 
was writing on the blackboard.

By the time gymnastics practice rolled around after school, Jenny was 
going out of her mind again. If anything, she felt even hornier than 
before she'd jacked off in physics class. As she dressed in the locker 
room, a few drops of pussy-juice trickled down the insides of her 
thighs. Out in the gym, she stumbled and tripped and fell repeatedly 
because her timing was all off. She couldn't concentrate on doing flips 
and somersaults. She fell off the balance beam so many times that Coach 
Peters focused all his attention on her, which made her twice as 
nervous and uncoordinated. He caught her when she fell, always sliding 
a hand between her legs for a moment and holding her by the crotch. He 
did this with all the girls when he caught them, and Jenny was used to 
feeling his hand between her legs, but today she was embarrassed 
because the crotch of her gymnastics outfit was all wet.

"Jenny, honey, your mind seems to be on anything but gymnastics today," 
the coach said. He had his arm around her shoulder.

"I'm not feeling too well," Jenny said. "I think maybe I should go 
home."

"Would you like to lie down in my office for a while? See if you feel 
any better after a rest?"

"I don't think so," Jenny said. "I'd better go home."

"All right, sweetheart. I hope you're not coming down with something. 
We have a meet next week, you know."

Jenny undressed quickly in the locker room. Without bothering to 
shower, she dressed again and grabbed her books. She left the locker 
room by the rear exit and walked down the deserted north-basement 
hallway, heading for a rear exit that was rarely used. Coach Peter's 
office was the only room off this hallway, and Jenny had to pass by it 
on her way out. As she was passing his office, she heard a girl's 
giggle behind the closed office door.

Jenny stopped to listen, curious about who was in the coach's office. 
She heard the girl's giggle again, then Coach Peter's deep-voiced 
laugh, a laugh Jenny would have recognized anywhere. Jenny wondered if 
the girl had been injured. The coach often took girls down to his 
office if they got injured. The girl certainly didn't sound injured. 
She sounded downright giddy. Jenny put her ear to the door.

"Yeah!" the coach said. "Yeah! Yeahhh!"

The girl had stopped giggling. Jenny heard rhythmic movements of some 
kind, then thought she heard the girl gag.

"Suck it!" the coach groaned. "Suck every inch!"

Jenny started to sweat. Her heart pounded and she began to feel faint. 
Although she wasn't exactly sure what was happening in the coach's 
office, she knew it was something sexual. One of Jenny's teammates on 
the gymnastics team was having sex with the coach. She couldn't believe 
it!

Suddenly, the coach grunted. "I'm coming! Drink it! Swallow every 
drop!"

The girl sounded as if she were choking to death. The coach grunted 
repeatedly like a bull. Jenny thought she was going to faint with 
excitement and fear. What if the coach caught her eavesdropping? What 
if he suddenly yanked open the door and saw her standing there?

There was a commotion in the office, as if a desk was being moved, and 
Jenny pulled away from the door and fled down the hallway and out of 
the school building as quickly and quietly as she could.

She arrived home in what seemed like minutes. She'd been so absorbed in 
thoughts, so lost in the whirling commotion of her mind that she'd 
walked home mechanically, zombie-like, seeing nothing, hearing nothing. 
It was only when she nearly bumped into the car parked in the driveway 
that she came out of her trance.

It was Barb's car. What in the heck was Barb doing here? Checking up on 
her and Skip? Trying still to be a baby-sitter?

Wouldn't that woman ever leave her and Skip alone? Was Barb going to 
ruin their vacation from their parents by bugging the heck out of them 
everyday, calling them and even coming over to snoop on them? You'd 
think they were still kids, for godsake, the way Barb was treating 
them!

Jenny decided she was going to have a talk with Barb. And if need be, 
she was going to tell Barb off.

The front door of the house was locked. Strange. Skip didn't have 
practice this afternoon and should be home from school. And if Barb was 
here, too, then why was the door locked?

Jenny let herself in, dropped her books on the living room couch, 
kicked off her shoes, and went to the kitchen, where she expected Skip 
to be having a snack. The kitchen was deserted.

Next she checked the workout room in the basement. Nobody in sight. 
That left only the upstairs. What could Barb and Skip be doing up 
there? Unless Barb was helping Skip with his homework or something in 
his bedroom.

Jenny padded barefoot up the carpeted stairs and turned down the hall. 
Immediately, she heard voices coming from Skip's bedroom. She moved 
slowly down the shadowy hallway, listening.

Barb was giggling. Barb was panting and gasping. Skip was grunting and 
growling. Something kept knocking rhythmically against the wall.

Skip's bedroom door was wide open. Frowning, Jenny peered from the 
darkened hallway into the bedroom.

Barb lay face-up on Skip's unmade bed, her naked legs wrapped around 
Skip's thrusting loins, her toes clutching with each ramming of the 
boy's cock into her pussy. Both Barb and Slap were stark naked. The 
boy's thrusts were so powerful that the bed banged repeatedly against 
the wall.

"Ahhh, you hot juicy bitch!" Skip growled. "I'm gonna plow your tight 
pussy till you scream!"

"Baby!" Barb whined, clawing the boy's back, rocking her loins upward 
to meet his grinding, ramming thrusts. "Ohhhh, Skip!"

Jenny stared as if hypnotized. Pussy-juice dribbled from under the 
crotch of her panties and ran down her legs like hot sap. She reached 
up under her skirt, up under her panties, and started finger-fucking 
herself. She couldn't think. All she could do was watch and feel,

"Oh, you hunk!" Barb muttered, grinding up against the humping, 
squirming teenager. "Such a big cock! And you know how to use it!"

"You taught me everything I know, baby-sitter." Skip licked Barb's 
neck, then gnawed into the side of it like a vampire.

Barb's eyes rolled back and a wail of pain and ecstasy escaped her 
slack mouth. Her body started to shake and jerk, her fingers and toes 
clawing in a frenzy.

"I'm coming!" she whined. "Ohhhhh, Skip!"

The boy humped her wildly, slamming his cock in her spasming cunt until 
Barb looked as if she would explode from the intensity of her 
sensations. As her orgasms subsided, she pushed up at Skip with all her 
strength and rolled him off her.

"Bitch!" Skip panted. "I was two seconds from creaming!"

"You must learn to hold it, horny boy," Barb said. "The longer you hold 
it, the better it'll feel when you come."

"How do you know?"

"It's what all my boyfriends have always told me," Barb said. "And I've 
had a lot of boyfriends." She kissed the tips of her fingers and 
planted the kiss on Skip's nose. "Besides I want to do an experiment."

She reached off the bed into a handbag and pulled out a tape measure.

"You wanna measure my cock again?" Skip said. "You've already measured 
it a thousand times."

"Lie back," Barb said. "And hold up your cock."

Skip groaned, but lay back on the mattress, holding his cock vertical 
as Barb stretched the tape measure from his groin to his pisshole. "You 
know it's eight inches."

"Nine," Barb said.

"What?" Skip's eyes widened as he studied the tape measure. "I'll be 
damned!"

"You're super-excited," Barb said. "You're cock's so hard it looks like 
your knob's gonna pop off. When a cock gets as hard as this, it grows." 
Barb giggled, gingerly squeezing the boy's cock with her fingertips. 
"What a slab of meat! I wish I could measure it while you're coming. I 
bet it would be even bigger."

Skip took the tape measure away from Barb. He put his free hand on top 
of her head and pushed her face toward his cock. "Pleasure it, baby-
sitter! Gimme a blowjob!"

Barb took Skip's cock away from him and began to lick his knob. Holding 
his foreskin down tight, she slurped around and around, slurped up and 
down, lapped up the cock-drool as it oozed from the boy's wide-open 
pisshole. Skip groaned, his toes working sensuously, all the sinews of 
his feet sliding under the skin.

"You've got such a big, sweaty prick," Barb purred. "And such a tasty 
knob. Don't ever wash this knob, baby! Anytime you want it washed I'll 
lick it clean!"

Skip arched up, moaning, humping upward as Barb tortured the underside 
of his knob with her wet, dripping tongue.

"Big prick!" Barb said. "I love big teen prick!"

She lapped from one end of the boy's cock to the other, lapped front 
and back and sides, nuzzled down and licked the sweat off the boy's 
balls.

Jenny saw double. Her vision blurred as hot tears of excitement flooded 
her eyes. Spit filled her mouth, and she swallowed repeatedly. Her 
panties felt unbearably tight, and she peeled them down her smooth legs 
and dropped them, sopping wet, on the carpet.

Then she sat down, her legs crossed, her skirt hiked up to her middle, 
and she pumped her middle finger in and out of her pussy, her eyes on 
her brother's huge cock. She tried to imagine the smell of it, the 
taste of it.

Gazing seductively into Skip's eyes, Barb opened her mouth wide and 
swallowed the head of his cock. As she sucked, she churned her tongue 
at his pleasure-strand, making him gasp and squirm.

"I'm close!" Skip moaned, and Barb left off licking his magic spot and 
slid her lips down his veiny cockshaft. His knob stuffed her throat. 
She looked like she'd swallowed a rattlesnake.

Skip writhed on the mattress, his blond head tossing from side to side, 
his muscular feet working as the pleasure coursed through him.

"My balls are gonna bust if you don't get me off pretty soon, lady!"

Still gazing into Skip's eyes, Barb began to bob her head, to slide the 
ring of her lips up and down his cockshaft, to massage his knob with 
her throat and tongue. Her right hand was wrapped half around the base 
of his super-thick cock. Her left hand slid down between her legs, her 
middle finger disappearing between the furry lips of her cunt. Her eyes 
rolled ecstatically as she began to jerk off while sucking the boy's 
cock. What does it taste like? What does it feel like in your mouth? 
Jenny wanted to ask Barb. Can I try? Can I suck it? I wanna suck it so 
bad!

Skip spread his muscular legs wider. He clasped his hands behind his 
head, relaxing as he let Barb do most of the work. Slowly, reflexively, 
his hips rocked. Each suck of Barb's mouth made his balls swell and 
lift in their smooth sac. His sensuously working toes looked so sexy to 
Jenny that she felt a nearly irresistible urge to crawl into the 
bedroom and to lick his feet.

Barb finger-fucked herself faster, her middle finger squashing 
obscenely in her juicy cunt, matching the obscene rhythmic smacking of 
her lips. Pussy-juice trickled down her hand as she spread her legs 
wider so she could finger-fuck herself deeper. Her head bobbed quicker, 
her lips rippling over the boy's prick-veins, her mouth sucking, her 
tongue churning.

"Ahhhhhh, yeahhhh!" Skip moaned, ecstasy in his blue eyes as he bucked 
up and down, fucking his salty cock in Barb's mouth and throat. "Feels-
so-good! Feels-so-fucking--awwwwwww!"

His body shuddered and his cum erupted into Barb's mouth. His eyes 
rolled back with pleasure as the spasms shot through him.

Barb gagged, her throat and mouth overflowing with cum, her head 
jerking with each powerful flex of the boy's cock. Cum bubbled out of 
her mouth, running down the boy's cockshaft, creaming his pulsating 
balls. Her throat bobbed as she swallowed what cum she could. Her legs 
suddenly clamped together around her masturbating hand and her loins 
went into spasms.

"Yes!" Jenny whispered, watching Barb jerk with ecstasy as she sucked 
Skip's jism-gushing cock. "Oh yes!"

Jenny's eyes rolled back and the pleasure exploded in her pussy. Hot 
teen fuck-juice spurted around her knifing finger as her pussy nearly 
sucked her finger off. The pleasure was so intense that she lay back on 
the floor, out of sight of the doorway, and writhed uncontrollably 
until it was over.

"You shoot like a fucking stallion," Barb said, smacking her lips and 
catching her breath. She licked the cum off Skip's cock and balls, then 
licked her hand clean.

Skip groaned blissfully. He was lying with his forearm over his eyes.

Jenny had managed to sit up and was peering into the room again.

"What's the latest tally?" Barb said. "How many girls have you fucked 
with this crowbar?"

"Three or four hundred," Skip said. "Give or take a few."

Barb laughed. "That's my boy. Bust any new cherries lately?"

Skip chuckled. "I broke in some little ass-wiggler last week and she 
fucking fainted when her cherry ripped. She fainted again after it was 
over and she saw the blood."

He laughed again.

Barb started jerking off. "Tell me all about it--in juicy detail."

"Some other time," Skip said. "Jenny will be home in a little while and 
you'd better be going. We don't wanna have to explain your being here."

"You get any further into her pussy yet?" Barb asked.

"Just the old tongue so far," Skip said. "She still sleeps right 
through it."

"I wanna watch sometime," Barb said. "I'll be able to tell if she's 
sleeping or not."

"She sleeps right through it, I tell you," Skip said. "No way she's 
faking. She's always slept like that. The old lady has to just about 
hit her over the head in the morning with a baseball bat to wake her 
up. I could fuck her pussy all night and she'd never wake up."

"Then why don't you stick your cock in her?"

"Because that might wake her up."

"Don't let her fool you," Barb said. "She's as awake as you are. No 
girl can get her pussy licked off night after night without knowing it. 
It's impossible."

"Jenny can," Skip said. "Hey, you'd better get going."

"Does she still squirt when she cums?"

"It runs out of her like syrup," Skip said. "And it tastes so fucking 
good." He started stroking his cock. "I wish you'd go. All your 
questions are getting me worked up again."

"I'll take care of that," Barb said.

"Well, be quick about it!"



Chapter 4


 "Sit up," Barb said. "Lean your back against the pillows."

When Skip was in position, Barb sat at his feet and pressed them 
between her legs and against her cunt. At the same time, she shoved her 
own feet in his lap and squeezed his upright cock between them. Skip 
grabbed her feet and started sliding his cock between her soles.

"You come up with the damndest, sexiest things," he said. "Mmm, wiggle 
those toes. Stroke my knob with 'em."

"Stick your toes in my pussy," Barb said. "Oh, baby, wiggle that big 
toe in deep." Her eyes rolled back as Skip twisted his toes between her 
pussy-lips, getting the toes greasy with her juices. "Toe-fuck my 
pussy, baby! Oh, baby!"

Jenny was on her hands and knees, peering into the bedroom. Her skirt 
was up around her waist, her hot little ass stark naked and wiggling in 
the air. Her right hand jerked between her legs and pussy cream 
dribbled from her sizzling, juice-saturated cunt. She licked her lips, 
watching Barb's hot toes slide up and down Skip's cock, watching Skip's 
foreskin slide, watching fuck-lube bubble out of Skip's pisshole and 
dribble over Barb's toes. She wanted to suck Skip's big cock, to lick 
Barb's lube-wet toes. She wanted to pull Skip's toes out of Barb's 
pussy and to taste them. She wanted to feel Skip's big toe stuck up her 
own cunt.

"Oh, honey, I do believe I'm gonna come!" Barb moaned. "Oh yes!" Her 
eyes rolled back and her body jerked and trembled. "Oooh, yes, yes!"

Skip grinned lecherously, grinding his hot, big toe deep in Barb's 
spasming cunt, clawing her clit with his other toes. When Barb had 
finished coming, Skip pulled his right foot out from between her thighs 
and lifted it, toes dripping with pussy-goo, up to her tits. He clawed 
and tweaked her nipples with his wet toes, making Barb gasp and shriek.

"You devil, I can't stand that! Not right after I've come!" Barb 
grabbed Skip's foot and started sucking on his toes, sucking her pussy-
juice off them. At the same time, she deftly manipulated his foreskin 
with her own feet and pleasured his cock with her toes.

"You get me so fucking horny!" Skip panted. His balls squirmed as Barb 
foot-fucked his cock. "Man, I'm out of my fucking head! That feels so 
fucking good!"

"Squirt your jism all over my toes," Barb purred. "Cream my feet, you 
horny stallion."

"Yeah!" Skip humped upward, pressing Barb's feet firmly around his 
thrusting cock. His knob swelled, turning purple, his pisshole gaping, 
his lube bubbling out. "Awww, mannnn!"

"Shoot it, baby!" Barb wiggled her toes wildly. "Your cock's starting 
to jerk! Come on stud, cream my toes!"

"Uhh, uhhh!" Skip thrust upward, ramming his cock between Barb's feet, 
jerking the foreskin up and down his cock. His eyes rolled back, his 
head snapped back, and he ejaculated. "Ahhhhh!"

His cum shot a foot straight up in the air before it splashed down on 
Barb's feet. Barb rubbed her feet vigorously back and forth, rolling 
the boy's spurting cock between them, making him gasp and whimper with 
pleasure.

"Ohhh shit!" Skip moaned, humping, spurting. His cock swelled again and 
again, its veins standing out, its entire length pulsing and quivering. 
Ropes of cum gushed from his pisshole, rolling in slimy wads down 
Barb's feet, slipping between her toes and greasing them. Finally, Skip 
couldn't stand the stimulation of Barb's cum-drenched toes any longer 
and he yanked his cock out from between them, groaning as he squeezed 
out the last of his pleasure with a muscular hand. "Oh man!"

In the hallway, Jenny was delirious. She sat back on her heels--out of 
sight of Skip and Barb--and as her hand jerked between her legs, her 
pussy erupted with delicious spasms that nearly knocked her out. She 
swayed dizzily, her blonde head swinging from side to side, the ecstasy 
pulsing through her teen pussy again and again. Even out here in the 
hallway she could smell Skip's cum.

When Jenny looked back into the bedroom, she saw Barb holding one of 
her feet up to her mouth and slurping and sucking Skip's cum off her 
toes. Barb licked one foot clean, then the other one, and Skip sat 
there watching her with a grin on his face. He flicked his tongue 
between his lips.

"You sure are flexible for an old lady,"' Skip said.

"I'm only thirty-six," Barb said. "You'll be there soon enough 
yourself."

She leaned over and grabbed Skip's cock and sucked it clean, her lips 
sliding up and down the shaft, her tongue catching the last drops of 
cum as it oozed from the boy's pisshole.

"Mmmmmm!" she purred, her lips smacking.

Skip groaned, working his cock slowly in and out of her mouth. "Feels 
great!"

Barb released his cock, which was hard again. "Fuck me once more before 
I leave."

"Jenny's gonna be home any second," the boy said. "You've gotta go."

"Party pooper," Barb said, and she got up off the bed.

Jenny eased away from the doorway and picked up her panties. Quietly, 
she stood up and tiptoed down the hallway, then down the stairs. She 
retrieved her books and shoes and slipped back out the front door. 
Hiding in the bushes outside, she waited until Barb had left before she 
returned to the house.

When Jenny re-entered the house, pretending to be just arriving home 
from school, she heard the shower running upstairs.

"I'm home!" she yelled. She tromped up the steps. "I said, I'm home!"

The shower shut off.

"What?" Skip yelled.

"I said I'm home," Jenny shouted.

"I hear you," Skip said. He turned the shower on again.

Jenny stood in the hallway outside the bathroom door, listening to the 
shower run and imagining Skip under it. She tried to imagine his big 
cock swinging over his balls with water dripping off it. The thought 
turned her to jelly inside and made her squeeze her legs together. 
Suddenly, she was overcome with lust. She had to get in there and see 
her brother's cock.

"Can I come in?" Jenny shouted. "I gotta pee!"

"You've gotta what?"

"Pee!" Jenny shouted.

"Why don't you use the bathroom down--" Skip paused. "Sure, come on 
in."

The bathroom was steamy inside and smelled like soap. Jenny shut the 
door behind her.

"I'm just rinsing off," Skip said.

Jenny pushed down her panties, lifted her skirt, and sat on the toilet. 
Just as Jenny began to piss, Skip turned off the shower and peeked out 
from behind the curtain. Jenny sat there with her skirt up and her legs 
spread, making no attempt to hide herself. Skip glanced between her 
legs and his eyes bugged out. Jenny turned red in the face, but she 
still made no attempt to cover her pussy. She wanted her brother to see 
her. A stream of golden piss dribbled from between her cunt-lips.

"You wanna throw me that towel?" Skip said.

Jenny handed him the towel.

"Thanks," he said. He opened the shower curtain farther, showing Jenny 
his right leg and hip, then turning to show her his ass. He glanced at 
her to see if she was watching. "You're home early."

"I wasn't feeling well, so Coach let me go," Jenny said. "I'm feeling 
better now."

Nervously, she pried off her shoes with her feet. Her panties slid off 
her ankles with the shoes. Piss dripped from her blonde muff, but she 
made no attempt to wipe herself.

Skip gazed between her legs. His tongue moistened his lips. He wrapped 
his towel around his waist and stepped out of the shower. His erect 
cock made the towel tent out, and the tent throbbed.

Jenny nearly fell off the toilet. Her cunt contracted and pussy cream 
greased her pussy-slit. She reached up to touch the knob of her 
brother's cock through the towel.

"What's this?" she said, trying to sound cool.

Skip swallowed. "You sure you're all right, Sis?"

Jenny's fingers closed on the head of her brother's cock.

"I'm fine,"' she said, her hand shaking. Skip's cock was so hard.

Skip loosened his towel and dropped it on the floor. His cock throbbed 
just a foot from Jenny's face. Jenny slid her fingers up and down the 
ivory-smooth shaft. It was hard as sculpted marble. Her eyes crossed, 
hypnotized by the snakelike appendage. A pearl of clear lube oozed from 
the pisshole and Jenny salivated. She wiped the lube droplet off with 
her fingertip and smeared it all over Skip's knob. Then she licked her 
finger. The fluid had a salty tang.

"Damn!" Skip said. "I'm dreaming!"

Leaning forward, he pulled Jenny's dress off over her head. With 
experienced fingers, he undid her bra in back and slipped it off.

Jenny sat there stark naked and shaking like a leaf. Her entire body 
was flushed like a rose.

"You aren't any dream," Skip said, feeling her tits. "You're real. Oh, 
Sis!" He fell to his knees in front of her and shoved his head between 
her legs. "Oh, Sis!"

Jenny shoved her piss-wet crotch in her brother's mouth. His tongue 
slithered between her cunt-lips. Jenny spread her legs wide. Her toes 
clutched at the floor. Pussy-juice dripped from her brother's chin into 
the toilet.

Jenny melted, slumping on the toilet seat, moaning and cooing as her 
brother ate her out. Being a gymnast and cheerleader, she was used to 
doing splits, and now she split her legs perfectly, opening herself up 
to the limit. Her swollen cunt-lips parted, her cunt opening like a 
furry-lipped mouth. Skip's tongue darted into her pink, succulent 
fuckhole, and her crotch-juices ran down his tongue and into his mouth. 
He sucked greedily, drinking her pussy nectar. As he licked her out, he 
stroked his massive cock.

Jenny ran her fingers through her brother's blond hair. She caressed 
his forehead and cheeks. He was the handsomest boy she had ever seen in 
her life, and now he was her lover.

"Oh, Skip, eat me! Lick me deep!"

"Hot pussy!" Skip muttered, rubbing his face in Jenny's juicy crotch, 
fucking her with his nose and lips as well as with his tongue. "Candy 
cunt. Mmmm, pussy!"

Jenny gasped as his tongue darted at her clit. She started humping, 
rubbing her cunt in her brother's mouth. She reached up, squeezing and 
juggling her tits, tweaking and pinching her nipples. She felt so good 
she wanted to die.

Skip grinned up at her, pussy-juice running down his chin, a few blonde 
cunt-hairs stuck to his mouth. "You horny little bitch! I never knew 
you were into sex!"

He shoved a finger in his mouth, moistening it with spit, then shoved 
the finger up Jenny's cunt. It was the middle finger of his right hand, 
and he was fucking her with it. He grinned lecherously at her as she 
squirmed and gasped.

Her brother's finger was a lot longer than her own finger, and it kept 
jabbing at her cherry, stretching it painfully. She grabbed Skip's 
hand.

"Not so deep!" she gasped.

"Jesus, you're a virgin!" Skip gasped. He pulled his finger out and 
sucked it clean. "A super-horny virgin!"

"Lick!" Jenny panted. "Suck!" She pressed her brother's head between 
her legs, rubbed her pussy in his mouth, fucked her clit against his 
upper lip. "Oh, yes, yes!"

Skip growled, ramming his tongue up her crotch, sucking for every drop 
of pussy-honey she could feed him. His tongue fluttered inside her, 
probed the fluffy folds of her cunt walls, tortured her G-spot until 
she nearly screamed. Her pussy contracted rapidly, sucking Skip's 
tongue as he churned it inside her.

"I feel so good!" Jenny wailed. "Yesss, yesssss!"

She let go, writhing on the toilet, gasping and panting with abandon. 
Her grunts and squeals of girlish pleasure echoed off the steamy 
bathroom walls. Her succulent teen pussy drooled juice into her 
brother's mouth. Her toes curled against the floor tiles and her cunt 
exploded.

Skip growled loudly, sucking and licking and gnawing, eating out 
Jenny's pussy like he'd never dared eat it out before. He twisted his 
head from side to side, grinding his nose between her cunt-lips, 
smothering himself in her searing-hot girl-crotch.

Jenny shuddered with each round of spasms, flashbulbs going off in her 
skull. As the spasms reached their peak, she swung her legs forward and 
up, wrapping her thighs around Skip's head and crushing it between 
them. She humped at his face, fucking his mouth until she'd squeezed 
out every flicker of pleasure. Finally, her legs fell away from his 
head and she sighed with relief. She would have slid off the toilet if 
Skip hadn't held her up.

"You sure felt it," Skip said. "Sit up now." He stood up in front of 
her, his cock dripping long strands of lube, and as Jenny forced 
herself to sit up straight, he moved up close to her, jacking off in 
her face. "Get ready for a load, girl."

Skip's fist was wrapped around his cock, pounding it fiercely, working 
his foreskin up and down rapidly. His knob was inches from Jenny's 
face, and Jenny flicked her tongue at it, slurping lube off his 
pisshole, tasting the red-hot cock-flesh. Jenny gazed up at her 
brother, her mouth open and waiting. Skip took one look at her upturned 
blue eyes and his cock exploded.

"Ahhhhh!" he groaned, ropes of white jism spurting from his pisshole 
and splashing in Jenny's mouth. "Ohhhh, yeahhhhh!"

The hot spurts gushed against Jenny's tonsils, pooled on her tongue, 
filled her throat. The potent taste and slimy texture gagged her.

"Eat it!" Skip plugged her mouth with the end of his knob, shooting 
jism straight down her throat as he pounded his lust-saturated cock. 
"Swallow it!"

Jenny gulped, despite her gagging, swallowing a mouthful of cum. The 
slimy wads slid down her gullet like hot oysters. Before she'd finished 
swallowing, her mouth filled again. Her brother was shooting it by the 
cupful. She choked trying to swallow the salty, alkaline fluid.

Skip pulled back and finished beating off against her face, grunting 
deliriously with each ejaculation, rubbing his prickhead all over 
Jenny's nose and cheeks.

Jenny swallowed, starting to savor the spunky flavor. She caught the 
cum that had leaked down her chin and shoved it back in her mouth with 
her fingers.

Skip smiled down at her, rubbing his cum-greasy cock all over her face. 
It was half-hard now, and he shoved it back in Jenny's mouth. Jenny 
sucked the huge, rubbery prong, milking jelly-like gobs from the 
pisshole, sliding her lips and tongue up and down until her brother's 
cock was clean.

Skip pulled his cock out, pulled Jenny to her feet, wrapped his arms 
around her and kissed her. Jenny quivered in his muscular arms, moaning 
as Skip's tongue probed her mouth and throat. She clung to him, rubbing 
her nubile, ultra-soft young body against his muscular hardness. She 
sucked his tongue and felt his sweet spit dribble down her throat.

"Gorgeous little mink," Skip said. "I've been waiting for this for 
years. I'm out of my mind for you, Sis."

Jenny kissed her brother's chest, sucked his nipples, felt his cock 
swell against her and harden.

"I wanna fuck you," Skip said.

Jenny pushed away.

"I need a shower," she said. "Then I'll make us some dinner. I bet 
you're hungry. I sure am."

"I'd rather fuck you than eat dinner," Skip said.

Jenny pulled away from him and stepped into the bathtub.

"Let's shower together," Skip said.

"You already had your shower," Jenny said.

She closed the curtain and turned on the water. To her relief, Skip 
mumbled something to himself and left the bathroom.



Chapter 5


 Skip showed up in the kitchen for dinner with no clothes on. His cock 
looked like a huge sausage flopping from side to side as he walked. 
Jenny took one look at him, gulped, and pulled their dinners out of the 
microwave. Skip pulled out a chair, sat down, and spread his legs, 
showing Jenny everything. He stroked her ass as she placed the steaming 
microwave dinner on the table in front of him.

"What's with all these clothes?" he said.

Jenny was dressed in a blouse and shorts. Her feet were bare.

"What's with what you're wearing?" she said. She sat down across the 
table from him.

Skip scratched his balls. "You mind that I'm naked?"

"No," Jenny said. "I guess not."

She squeezed her legs together under the table. Putting her nose in her 
plate, she started to eat.

"Why should I wear clothes in front of you anymore?" Skip said. "You've 
seen all there is to see. Nothing more to hide, right?"

"Right," Jenny mumbled. Even though she was trying not to look at her 
brother, she couldn't help but see him sitting there across from her, 
his chair pulled well away from the table, his cock dangling on the 
chair seat like a big snake. He looked so sexy she could hardly swallow 
her food.

"So why don't you take off your clothes too?" Skip asked. "Get 
comfortable."

"Why don't you start eating before your food gets cold?" Jenny asked. 
She was embarrassed, even a little shocked about what she and Skip had 
done together in the bathroom, and she was hoping to cool things off a 
little. It had really stunned her when Skip had said that he wanted to 
fuck her. She couldn't imagine withstanding the assault of that 
enormous fuck-weapon of his up her cunt. It would kill her for sure.

"I'll start eating when you take off your clothes," Skip said. "Come 
on, Sis, what's your hang-up?"

"Oh, all right!" Jenny dropped her fork, stood up, and started 
unbuttoning her blouse.

"That's my girl," Skip said. "Nice. No bra. Now peel down those shorts. 
No panties, huh? That's sexy."

Jenny dropped her shorts and sat down naked at the table. She didn't 
know why she was letting Skip manipulate her like this. She looked 
across the table at him. "Satisfied? Now will you please start eating?"

As Skip drew his chair up to the table, Jenny saw that his cock had 
swelled and was standing straight up in the air. Her heart started to 
pound with excitement and fear. Pussy cream dribbled from her throbbing 
cunt and greased her chair seat. She squeezed her thighs together 
rhythmically, working her swollen muff-lips against each other.

"You cook really good, Sis," Skip said. "You cook almost as good as you 
look."

"All I did was press a few buttons," Jenny said.

"And unbutton a few buttons," Skip said, eyeing her tits as he chewed 
his food. "Yummy!"

As they ate, their toes started meeting under the table and soon they 
were playing footsie in earnest and Jenny started to pant. Her brother 
was so sexy that anything he did got her terribly worked up. All of a 
sudden he slid a foot up her leg and tried to pry her thighs apart.

"Open up, Sis, I wanna feel your pussy."

Jenny resisted about two more seconds before giving in. With as sigh 
she slumped in her chair and allowed her legs to spread. Skip's toes 
stroked up her inner thigh and pressed against her cunt. Jenny gasped, 
spreading her legs even wider.

"Sexy bitch," Skip said. "I wish I'd known about five years ago what a 
slut you are. And here I thought you were sleeping all those times I 
sucked you off during the night."

"I was sleeping," Jenny said, panting as Skip rubbed his big toe up and 
down her crotch-slit. She moaned as he twisted it against her hard, 
squirming little clit.

"Sure you were," Skip said.

"Well I was," Jenny insisted. "Except for last night."

"You didn't act any different last night than any other night," Skip 
said. "Except maybe you moaned a little louder. But that was because 
the folks are gone and you didn't have to worry about them hearing 
you." He twisted his entire big toe up into her pussy.

Jenny's eyes rolled back. She groaned, squirming on her chair as her 
twin brother churned his hot toe inside her. She grabbed his foot, 
trying to fuck his toe into her deeper. "You like that, huh, Sis? I 
have an imagination, don't I? I know how to really turn on a girl."

"Oooooh yesssss!" Jenny purred, her nipples thrusting upward like 
fingertips as her tits rose and fell. "Fuck me with that hot toe!"

She released her brother's foot and clasped her hands behind her head, 
letting Skip toe-fuck her however fast or slow he wanted. She writhed 
on her chair, her blue eyes rolling deliriously, her ass sliding on the 
juice-slick chair seat. As Skip twisted his foot between her legs, her 
juices bubbled out around his grinding toe, getting his foot and the 
chair seat greasy with her fuck-lube.

"You're the juiciest chick I ever saw," Skip said. "I love all this 
hot, slippery pussy-butter you ooze. When you come, sometimes it 
actually squirts. I've only seen a few other chicks squirt like that. 
It turns me on."

"Oh Skip, do it!" Jenny whined, going crazy. "Shove it in deep! Deeper, 
oh yes!"

Skip was pounding his cock. "Horny bitch! I only got so much toe, baby. 
I'd have to stick my whole foot in you to fuck you as deep as you want 
it."

Jenny's cunt contracted rhythmically, sucking Skip's toe. As he twisted 
his foot in larger circles, he stimulated Jenny's clit more directly, 
sending her to the brink of orgasm.

"Your cunt's got electricity in it, baby. It's so hot and wet and tight 
inside, and when it sucks my toe I get a jolt up my leg and through my 
cock. Oh, yeah, feels so good!"

Skip tossed his head from side to side, his eyes glassy with pleasure, 
his prick throbbing in his sliding fist.

Jenny could see her brother's cock sticking up just past the edge of 
the table, could see his tight fist jerking and squeezing the lube out 
the massive prong, lube that dribbled down over Skip's knuckles. She 
licked her lips, wishing she could slurp at her brother's pronghead.

"Oh, Skip!" she moaned. "Do me, Skip, make me come! Oh yes, oh God 
yes!" Jenny grabbed her tits, juggling and squeezing. She pinched her 
nipples and rolled them between her fingers. Her cunt tightened 
fiercely around her brother's grinding toe. Fuck-itch saturated her 
loins. Her pleasure exploded.

"Ohhhhh, Skip! I'm coming!" Jenny jerked her head from side to side, 
delirious with pleasure, going out of her mind as the intense fuck-
sensations pulsed through her loins again and again.

"Baby! Baby!" Skip watched his sister jerk, saw the ecstasy in her 
face, felt her exploding crotch gnaw at his pleasure-saturated toe. He 
pounded his fuck-meat in a frenzy and shuddered as his own spasms 
began.

Streams and gobs of spunk shot straight up out of Skip's cock and 
splashed all over the dinner table, some of it getting on his food.

"Ohhhhh!" he groaned, his eyes glazed over and rolled back. "Mmmmm, 
yeahhhhh!"

When it was over, Skip slipped his toe out of Jenny's cunt and slumped 
back in his chair.

"I lost it!" he groaned. "But you got me so hot!"

Jenny leaned forward, resting her arms on the table and her head on her 
arms. She was weak, almost exhausted. After a minute, the smell of 
Skip's spunk revived her. She sat up and looked at the mess he'd made 
all over the table.

"How's that for a load?" Skip said.

"It's a lot," Jenny said.
"Why don't you lick it up?" Skip said. "It turns me on to see chicks 
eat my cum."

I thought you'd never ask, Jenny thought as she leaned over the table 
and started lapping up her brother's fuck-cream. The wads were cool and 
slimy, and at first Jenny almost gagged, but once she'd got the taste 
she couldn't stop slurping and sucking and licking, not until the table 
top was clean and tongue-buffed.

"You're a regular kitten," Skip said. He pulled his plate in front of 
him and chowed down his dinner. He didn't seem to mind a little cum on 
it.



Chapter 6


 That evening, Skip went out with his buddies and Jenny stayed home to 
study for a history quiz. She wasn't about to neglect her studies while 
her parents were gone just because Skip was neglecting his. By the time 
nine o'clock rolled around, though, Jenny didn't feel that she knew 
anymore about history than she'd known two hours earlier. She hadn't 
been able to concentrate all evening.

All her mind wanted to do was dwell on the things she'd done with Skip, 
and all her pussy wanted to do was throb and itch and cry for more 
stimulation. She had to resist the urge to stick her finger up her 
cunt, had to force her itchy fingers to keep turning the pages of her 
history notebook, which she was only pretending to read.

A few minutes after nine a car pulled up outside. Jenny heard boys 
shouting and laughing, heard a car door slam, heard a horn toot and the 
car pull away, accelerating hard. Downstairs, the front door opened and 
closed.

"I'm home!" Skip called.

"I'm up here!" Jenny called back. She was sitting at her desk in her 
bedroom, dressed in shorts, a blouse, and no shoes.

Skip came up the stairs in three bounds and strutted into the bedroom. 
He was dressed in tight jeans and a tank-top that showed off his 
muscles. He flopped down on Jenny's bed and kicked of his shoes.

"What you been doing, Sis?"

"Studying," Jenny said.

"Why don't you take a break and come over here?"

Jenny closed her notebook. Her brother was lying on her bed with his 
hands behind his head and the bulge of a hard-on in the front of his 
jeans. Without hurrying, Jenny went to the bed and sat beside her 
brother.

"Nice bed," Skip said. "Real comfortable."

There was the smell of beer on his breath.

Jenny began to stroke his chest.

"Nice hand," Skip said. He sighed and stretched out. "Real soft. Keep 
moving it."

Jenny swallowed. Her fingers rippled down her brother's belly muscles 
and slid over the bulge in his jeans. She squeezed the bulge with her 
fingertips, outlining it. The cock was hard as bone. Jenny rubbed her 
thumb up and down the underside of the knob. Skip groaned and pulled 
Jenny down on top of him.

"I'm nuts for you," he said, and he kissed her.

His tongue stuffed her mouth. His huge cock pressed up hard against 
her, throbbing, rubbing. He shoved his hands into her shorts and 
started caressing and squeezing her asscheeks.

Jenny quivered, melting into her brother. She'd never felt this way 
before. She kissed him madly, sucking his tongue, gazing deliriously 
into his blue eyes. She drooled into his mouth, and he swallowed her 
spit greedily. He groaned as he humped up against her.

His legs came up, wrapping around the backs of Jenny's legs. His 
muscular arms crushed her. He smelled of sweat and beer. His body was 
hard as a rock. Jenny knew that if he wanted to he could easily break 
her in half, but she didn't care. She wanted him to keep crushing the 
two of them together until they became one body.

His hands slipped under her blouse, kneading and pinching and clawing 
her back. One hand slipped back down into her shorts, a finger sliding 
up and down between her asscheeks, the tip of the finger probing her 
asshole. The hand slid down further, rubbing in the hot, slippery flesh 
between Jenny's legs, the middle finger twisting between the sizzling-
hot, lubricated slabs of her teenage cunt. She felt prickling 
sensations all the way to the soles of her bare feet.

"Oh, Skip!" she mumbled. "I love you!"

"I love you," Skip said. "And so does my cock."

He arched up against her, grinding his cock against her pussy-mound. He 
finger-fucked her pussy a few strokes, then started pulling off her 
blouse.

Jenny squirmed as her brother undressed her. Once he got her blouse 
off, he pushed down her shorts and she kicked them off. She felt 
lusciously naked, wriggling against her clothed brother. Her fuck-
juices were on his fingers and got smeared on her skin. The smell of 
her hot cunt perfumed the air.

They kissed again, their tongues slipping in and out of each other's 
mouth, both of them moaning as they gazed into each other's eyes. Jenny 
felt her brother's massive cock pulsing against her belly and she 
reached down into his jeans to finger the knob. The head-flesh was 
searing-hot, and Jenny got fuck-lube on her fingers. She pulled her 
hand out of Skip's pants and shoved her wet fingers between their 
kissing lips, both of them tasting Skip's cocklube.

Without warning, Skip rolled over, rolling Jenny onto her back and 
coming to rest on top of her. He humped against her vigorously, sucking 
the breath out of her as they continued to kiss. He reached down 
between them and unsnapped his jeans, then unzipped them. Jenny slid 
her hands down inside the seat of his pants and started squeezing his 
contracting asscheeks. She sucked his tongue rhythmically, drinking his 
spit.

Skip shoved his jeans down, kicked them off, pressed his hot, drooling 
prick against her stomach.

"Such soft, silky skin," he said. "Man I wanna feel all of you!"

He arched up and deftly pulled off his tank-top shirt, tossing it on 
the floor, then settled back down stark-naked on top of Jenny.

Jenny was in heaven, smothering under the muscular body of her twin 
brother, their flesh melting together. He made grunting, growling 
sounds, and Jenny cooed and moaned, the wild throbbing in her loins 
driving her nuts. She humped up against Skip, grinding her blonde muff 
against his spunk-filled balls. She could feel hot lube oozing from 
Skip's cock with each throbbing thrust of it against her belly.

"Skippy, I love you!" she purred, her hands sliding up and down her 
brother's handsome cheeks. "I want you!"

"My cock wants you," Skip mumbled, his face flushed with such lust that 
it looked almost frightening. He slid down, fucking his lusting cock 
between Jenny's silky-smooth thighs. "I want you, baby!"

The knob of his cock started ramming Jenny's pussy-slit.

Jenny clamped her thighs as tightly together as she could. The feel of 
her brother's red-hot, lube-slick cock sliding between her thighs was 
driving her crazy. Each thrust of his prickhead against her pussy sent 
tingles through her and made her shiver. She shimmied her thighs around 
her brother's cock, feeling it swell and pulsate, feeling it harden 
like steel.

"Baby, if I keep this up I'm gonna lose my load between your legs!" 
Skip squirmed against her, grinding his muscular chest against her 
swollen, up-thrust tits.

"Do it!" Jenny moaned. "Squirt it all over between my legs! I wanna 
feel it shoot!"

She knew as soon as her brother started spurting jism between her 
thighs, her pussy would explode. She wanted to come so bad.

"Uh-uh, baby, I'm not gonna waste it again," Skip said. "I wanna shoot 
it inside you. Spread your legs, you hot little slut, and let me fuck 
you."

"I can't!" Jenny panted. "It'll kill me! It's too big!"

"I'll go easy," Skip said. "Trust me."

He kissed her on the mouth, and the kiss so melted her that she almost 
gave in. She wanted it bad, wanted to be fucked, but she knew it was 
impossible, knew that she could never take that monstrous cylinder of 
steel-hard fuckmeat up her cunt-hole.

"Please, Skip, just shoot it between my legs." She shimmied her legs 
together until Skip's eyes rolled back and she was sure he was going to 
squirt.

With a gasp, Skip yanked his cock from between her thighs. He grabbed 
his cock and squeezed it, holding his breath. Several drops of hot, 
watery fluid shot against Jenny's belly and tits. Skip exhaled, 
releasing his cock.

"That was too goddamned close," he said. "Let me fuck you, Sis."

"Skip, I can't!"

"I've fucked dozens of girls," Skip boasted. "And they're all still 
alive. Not only that--they can never get enough of my big cock sliding 
in and out of their pussies."

Jenny was about to bawl.

"I can't, Skip! I can't!" she blubbered.

"Then let me eat you," Skip said, and he fell on her legs, shoving his 
nose between Jenny's thighs, licking at her crotch.

Her brother's tongue flicking between her furry cunt-slabs and against 
her clit sent her into a fit of gasping. As his tongue probed deeper 
between her cunt-lips, she couldn't help herself. Slowly, her legs 
relaxed. Slowly, they spread. Skip settled down on the mattress between 
her thighs, lapping with long, wet slurps of his tongue. He spread her 
cunt-lips with his thumbs and slipped his tongue up her crotch.

Jenny sighed, spreading her legs as wide as she could, rubbing her ass 
against the mattress and her crotch in her brother's face.

"Deeper!" she panted. "Stick it in deep!"

Skip wriggled his tongue inside her and Jenny squealed. In moments, she 
was delirious. All she wanted was to lie here and be licked forever.

Skip sucked her clit, making her hump, making her toes clutch with each 
smack of his lips. He gave her clit one long, hard suck that made 
pleasure course through every part of her body and nearly brought her 
off. She wailed, hardly aware anymore of where she was. Only the 
pleasure mattered. She drowned in the pleasure, and she wanted more--
more!

Then it happened so fast that by the time she realized what was 
happening it was too late to save herself. As she writhed against the 
mattress, her legs spread, her nude body undulating--as she writhed and 
moaned and gibbered out of her mind--as she lost herself completely in 
the pleasure--Skip suddenly slid up over her, pressed down on her, and 
drove his cock against her sizzling, drooling, wide-open cunt. It 
happened so fast that by the time she realized what was happening it 
was too late to save herself. He had her now.

Before she could even start to resist, Skip forced his cockhead into 
her pussy mouth, stretching it open mercilessly. He bit her lips and 
she tasted her cunt-juice on his mouth. She dug her fingernails into 
his back, starting to fight back, but Skip wouldn't be denied. With a 
smooth thrust, he sank his eleven inch cock all the way up her cunt.

Something ripped inside her, snapped like a rubber band. The pain 
nearly killed her, but it lasted only a moment. Then her cunt went 
numb. "No!"

"I'm in you!" Skip panted. "You took every inch! It feels like heaven 
inside you!"

Jenny still had her fingernails sunk into her brother's back. She lay 
motionless under him, her breathing rapid, her legs clutching hard 
around his legs. Little whimpers came from her throat. "Don't hurt me! 
Take it out!"

"No way," Skip said. "I'm never gonna take it out."

Slowly he started to hump, to slide his cock in and out a few inches at 
a stroke.

"Ohhhh, yeahhhh!"

Jenny's eyes rolled. She couldn't tell if she was in agony or ecstasy. 
She clung to Skip for her life, feeling that monstrous tusk-like cock 
of his beginning to take longer and longer plunges into her defenseless 
pussy.

 "Ahhhn, feels so good!" Skip sighed. "Your pussy's so fucking juicy, 
so fucking hot!"

His cock made squishing noises in her cunt as it slid in and out.

Jenny felt hot juices trickling from her cock-stuffed pussy and running 
down her crotch, seeping down into her ass-crack. Skip's cock-shaft 
slid against her clit, rubbed the G-spot in her pussy-hole. His 
prickhead popped in and out of her womb-mouth. Suddenly, she became 
aware of her loins rocking, of her cunt rising to meet her brother's 
thrusts. And then the pleasure swept over her, swept through her, 
saturated her. She was lost.

"Ohhhhhh!" she groaned, her eyes nearly popping out. "Uhhhhh! Ooooooh!"

She began to rock her loins faster, to the rhythm of her brother's 
thrusting. Each slice of his long, smooth cock into her body brought 
her to the verge of climax.

"Fuck me! Yes!"

"Baby! Sis!" Skip gazed down into her eyes, his face and forehead 
beaded with sweat, his muscular body undulating on top of her. He 
grunted with each fucking plunge of his cock, and as his cock hit 
bottom the look of ecstasy in his eyes made Jenny shiver.

"Faster!" she panted, her hands sliding up and down the boy's sweat-
oiled back. "Deeper!"

Her loins humped, her asscheeks contracting. She wiggled her cunt on 
her brother's cock, at the same time thrusting her tits against his 
chest and rubbing her red-hot nipples into his skin.

"Yeahhh!" Skip groaned. "Yeahhh, yeahhh, yeahhh!"

He fucked with such long, swinging thrusts that his sweaty belly 
smacked against Jenny's belly, and from time to time his hipbones 
collided with Jenny's hipbones, sending electric jolts through both of 
them.

Jenny wrapped her legs around her brother's loins, digging her heels 
into his asscheeks and trying to draw his cock deeper into her. As his 
massive cockhead fucked in and out of the mouth of her womb, it made 
popping sounds inside her.

"Fuck your juicy, hot pussy!" Skip grunted. "Bitch-baby!"

"Ohhhh! Fuck me!" Jenny moaned. "Fuck meeeeee!"

They moved together as if choreographed, the natural fucking movements 
of their bodies perfectly synchronized. Each ramming penetration of her 
brother's cock sent ecstasy coursing through Jenny's teenage body. It 
was as if she were having orgasm after orgasm, but without the spasms. 
She could fuck like this all night, she thought, but Skip had other 
ideas.

"I can't hold it!" Skip moaned. "Baby, here it comes!" His eyes rolled 
back. His body shuddered. His cock flexed hard inside Jenny and his 
jism spurted into her cunt. "Awwww, baaaaby, yeahhhhh!"

Jenny's eyes glazed over. The jerking and squirming and spurting of 
Skip's cock inside her made her grunt with excitement. She gasped with 
each explosion of cum into her, with each explosion of electricity that 
saturated her cunt and loins. Her pleasure rose to the point of no 
return, her body shivered. She toppled over the brink.

"Eeeeeh!" she squealed. "Ohhhhh! I'm cumming, Yesssss!"

She clung to her grunting jizz-squirting brother, her body jerking, her 
pleasure so intense that tears ran down her cheeks.

"Take it, Sis!" Skip grunted as he lurched against her. "Take it!"

Jenny arched beneath him, her hips bucking against him, holding the 
whole of his miraculous pleasure-giving manhood inside her, squeezing 
the length of his cock with her most intimate femaleness.

"Yesssss!" she hissed against his neck. "All of it! Give me all of it!"

He rammed up her cunt, spurting cum, his body quivering. The more spunk 
he shot into Jenny's cunt, the louder and more obscene were the 
squishing sounds his cock made inside her.

Jenny felt her brother's jism oozing out of her and dribbling down her 
pulsating teen crotch.

"I love it!" she moaned. "I love it, I love it, I love it!"

Her blonde head tossed deliriously from side to side.

Skip collapsed on top of her, gasping as her pussy sucked his cock dry.



Chapter 7


 Jenny lay alone on her bed, tingling all over. Skip had left the 
bedroom to go to the bathroom, he'd said, but that had been almost ten 
minutes ago. She began to finger her pussy, no, her cunt she thought, 
little girls and virgins had pussies. Grown women and experienced 
girls, like her, had cunts that accommodated men's cocks. She had just 
proved her pussy, her cunt, capable of accommodating a cock. Jesus what 
a cock!

Her cunt felt all stretched out. Her loins throbbed, and it was as if 
she could still feel Skip's fat cock sliding inside her. She reached 
between her legs, gently massaging her pussy, stimulating her clit, 
soothing her aching, well-stretched cunt-lips.

It's over, she thought. He did it to me. Nothing to be afraid of 
anymore. I've been fucked. She slipped a finger between her cunt-lips, 
squishing it in her brother's cum as she worked the finger up and down 
her slit.

Jenny felt new pride in her body, her cunt. She had been proud of her 
body before as a thing of beauty to be pampered and tease boys with. 
She had always considered her pussy a sort of naughty secret.

Now she was proud of her body on a functional level as well, proud of 
her pussy, her cunt, as a useful vessel for accommodating a man's cock. 
Capable of both giving and receiving incredible pleasure.

Now that she had survived coitus with her hugely hung brother, and was 
fairly certain that no damage had been done, just a feeling of being 
thoroughly stretched and well used, she was eager to experience it 
again.

"Skip!" she called toward the open bathroom door. "What're you doing? 
Come back to bed."

He'd been gone too long. She needed him.

"Skip, where are you?"

Skip finally swaggered into the bedroom, his right hand stroking his 
dong. He looked down at Jenny, playing with his cock as she played with 
her pussy.

"Where were you?" Jenny said.

"On the phone," Skip said.

"On the phone? I didn't hear the phone ring." Of course, she'd been 
lying here in such a daze she could easily have missed the ring. "It 
wasn't Mom, I hope."

Skip laughed. "Yup. And when she asked to talk to you I told her you 
were too busy playing with your pussy to answer the phone. I also told 
her I'd just fucked you."

"Tell me another one," Jenny said. "Who were you talking to?"

"Barb," Skip said. "I called her."

"Barb?" Jenny frowned. "For what?"

"I just felt like talking to her," Skip said.

"You didn't tell Barb what we did!"

"I can't remember," Skip said. He crawled onto the bed and lowered 
himself on top of Jenny. His big cock throbbed against her belly.

Jenny started to speak, but Skip kissed her and she immediately forgot 
whatever it was she was going to say. She and Skip gazed into each 
other's eyes, kissing passionately, darting their tongues in each 
other's mouth, tasting each other's saliva. Jenny wrapped her legs 
around her brother and worked her muff against his balls.

"Stick your cock in me again," she purred.

"Not just yet," Skip said. "I wanna get you more worked up first."

He humped against her.

Jenny arched her back, straining up against him, aching to feel his 
cock inside her again. Her fingernails clawed down his back. She 
squirmed under him, moaning.

They lay there making out for several minutes, and Jenny was about to 
lose her mind with frustration, when she thought she heard some noises 
in the house and tried to push Skip off her.

"Get off me!" she panted. "I heard something. Somebody's in the house!"

"I heard something too," Skip said. "Seems to me I left the front door 
unlocked."

"You what!" Jenny couldn't believe her ears. "Skip, get off me!"

A shadow fell through the open bedroom doorway and a form appeared in 
the room.

"Hello, sweethearts," Barb said. "Aren't the two of you adorable? I 
wish I'd brought camera."

Jenny stared open-mouthed at the woman, unable to say a word. Skip 
glanced over his shoulder at Barb, grinning.

"You sure got over here fast enough," he said.

Barb had kicked off her shoes and was pulling off her clothes. Her big 
tits wobbled as she bent over, peeling off her panties. She 
straightened up, stark naked. Then she wiggled over to the bed and sat 
down next to Skip and Jenny. She stroked Skip's ass.

"Thank you so much for inviting me, dear," Barb said.

"What is this?" Jenny said. "What is she doing here?"

"Baby-sitting," Barb said, and burst into laughter.

Skip rolled off Jenny.

"Oooooh, look at the blood!" Barb said. "You did it, you horny devil. 
Stuck your sister. Congratulations, dear, but it was about time, don't 
you think!"

"You should have heard the rip when I shoved it in," Skip said.

"I'll bet you just about died, sweetheart," Barb said to Jenny. "He's 
got such a big one. But I had no idea you were still a virgin."

Jenny lay there, a frown on her face as she looked from Barb to Skip, 
then back to Barb. She wasn't sure how to react to all this. Should she 
tell them that she knew all about the two of them--that she'd seen them 
fucking?

"Honey, you are gorgeous," Barb said, stroking Jenny's thigh. "Skin 
like silk. And look at this golden little pussy! I could just eat it 
up!"

"Why don't you?" Skip said. "I've always wanted to see you suck cunt."

Barb kissed her fingers and planted the kiss on Skip's mouth. "What a 
wonderful suggestion, darling." She winked at Skip. "I do believe I'll 
sample this juicy little pussy."

"Hey!" Jenny said as Barb lay face-down on the mattress between Jenny's 
legs. "I don't know about this."

"Your pussy must be terrible sore," Barb said. "I mean, look at all 
this blood on the bedspread. After a bloody ordeal like this, a young 
pussy needs some soothing."

Jenny didn't like all this talk about blood. She hadn't even realized 
she'd bled.

Barb spread Jenny's cunt wide open with her thumbs, pressing her nose 
close to the steaming teen fuckhole, inhaling the aroma of pussy cream 
and male spunk. As Skip's cum bubbled out of the young girl, Barb began 
to slurp. After a few licks, she plunged her face against Jenny's 
crotch, burying her tongue in Jenny's pussy, slurping and sucking and 
groaning.

Jenny's blue eyes rolled back, glazed with pleasure. Her pert young 
tits rose and fell, the cherry-bumps standing up, the nipples pointed 
and quivering. She squirmed against the mattress, unable to do anything 
but pant and gasp as the experienced older woman ate her out.

"Barb, you sound like a sow at a slop trough!" Skip laughed. "Suck up 
that cum, bitch!" He leaned over Jenny and gave her a kiss. "God, 
you're sexy!"

He slid down and started licking her tits. He got his mouth around her 
left cherry and sucked.

"Oh, yes!" Jenny arched up, her eyes becoming white slits as Skip 
sucked her nipple and Barb licked out her cunt. Each smack of her 
brother's lips sent itchy thrills through her and brought her to the 
brink of orgasm. Skip moved over to suck her other nipple, and she 
gasped, her toes clutching, her cunt contracting in Barb's mouth.

"Mmmmm! Mmmmmm!" Barb growled, guzzling the young girl's sweet fuck-
juices, licking out her clutching cunt. She twisted her head from side 
to side, grinding her nose against Jenny's clit, washing her face in 
Jenny's spit-like cunt-drool.

Skip pushed Jenny's tits together, mounding them up, nearly bringing 
their nipples together so he could suck both nipples at the same time. 
His hot lips smacked. His tongue darted. His teeth gnawed gently on 
Jenny's super-sensitive nipple-flesh.

"Oooooh yesssss!" Jenny whined, the fuck-itch shooting through her 
loins, every cell of her body prickling with sensation. "I'm coming!"

Barb sucked frantically as Jenny's crotch exploded in her mouth. A few 
spurts of hot girl-juice splashed against Barb's tongue, and she 
slurped and sipped, extracting all the tart sweetness she could from 
Jenny's candy cunt.

Skip growled, gnawing and sucking Jenny's nipples mercilessly as her 
body writhed with orgasm. Jenny clawed the bedspread, her nails nearly 
tearing through the cloth. The feelings were almost more intense than 
she could bear.

Barb licked Jenny's pussy clean, her nimble tongue darting into every 
tasty fold and crevice between the blonde-furred lips. She gave a suck 
to Jenny's pleasure-raw clit that made Jenny shriek, then pulled back, 
laughing.

"Thank you for the delicious meal, darling," Barb said.

"Did she squirt?" Skip asked.

"But of course, sweetheart. It tasted like honey-water."

Jenny flushed, listening to Barb and Skip talk so intimately and 
shamelessly about her.

"Now it's her turn," Skip said. "Sit on her face, Barb."

Before Jenny could say either yes or no to such a suggestion, Barb had 
crawled up over her and had straddled her head. Barb's dark-furred 
crotch was dripping hot juice, which splattered on Jenny's cheeks as 
the woman's gaping cunt hovered over her. Jenny looked up, fascinated 
by the sight. She was looking straight up into the woman's hot crotch. 
Heat poured out of it as if from a volcano. The fuckmeat between the 
parted lips looked pink and juicy and succulent. The hot crotch lowered 
to Jenny's lips and pressed down into her mouth.

"Yeah!" Barb said. "Yeah, baby! Eat that horny cunt! Come on, you 
little slut, lick it out!"

"Jesus, what a sight!" Skip gasped. "Makes me horny as hell."

"Stop pounding that sweaty hog and stick it in my mouth," Barb said. 
"Mmmmmm!"

Barb's lips smacked as she began to suck Skip's cock.

"Oh yeahhhhh, suck that fucker!" Skip moaned. "Tongue it where it feels 
best! Aw yeah, right there!"

Jenny was smothering, her mouth and nose completely covered by Barb's 
voracious, seething cunt. The horny cunt sizzled, pulsated, sucked at 
Jenny's wiggling tongue. Barb's tart female juices poured into Jenny's 
mouth, and Jenny had no choice but to swallow them. After a few gulps, 
Jenny was used to the taste and began to find it pleasing. She sucked 
for more, biting and gnawing Barb's nipple-like clit, licking deep into 
the woman's heat-gushing cunt.

Barb groaned, her mouth stuffed with Skip's cock, her pussy grinding in 
Jenny's wet mouth. She started to hump, to work her loins, to rub her 
pussy all over Jenny's mouth and face. As her excitement mounted, she 
fucked more wildly, scouring Jenny's tender skin with her kinky-haired 
cunt-muff.

"Tongue the pisshole!" Skip moaned. "Eat my juice! Suck that knob!" 
Skip sighed and grunted, working his lusting prong in Barb's mouth, 
fucking her lips and tongue and throat. "Man, I'm close!"

Despite the fact that she was smothering, despite the fact that Barb 
was just about scouring the skin off her face, Jenny couldn't help but 
be excited. As she sucked out Barb's hot cunt, she finger-fucked her 
own pussy, squeezing her jerking hand between her thighs, rubbing her 
naked ass against the bedspread, humping upward, fucking the finger 
buried in her cunt.

Barb grunted in a frenzy, gnawing on Skip's cock, grinding her cunt in 
Jenny's mouth. The hot juice dribbled more freely from her sizzling 
cunt, and her cuntal walls started to contract rhythmically around 
Jenny's churning tongue. Barb was wheezing through her nose, her tits 
rising and falling, the skin on her entire body prickling as if 
electrified. Suddenly, she shuddered violently and exploded in Jenny's 
mouth.

"She's coming!" Skip groaned. "Christ, what an explosion! What a mouth 
to screw!" He thrust rapidly, working his cock between Barb's lips, 
against her tongue, deep into her throat, and within seconds his jism 
splashed against her tonsils. "Ohhhh yeahhhh--ahhhh!"

Barb gulped the boy's profuse load of spunk, gagging a few times as the 
forceful spurts drilled the back of her gullet. As she sucked the 
bucking cock and drank hot jism, she fed her juicing twat to Jenny, 
grinding her sizzling crotchmeat all over the girl's face.

Jenny groaned, twisting her head from side to side, licking blindly as 
she washed her face in Barb's juicing crotch. The smell of cunt was 
overpowering, intoxicating her, smothering her. She drowned in the 
wonderful female aroma, in the luscious, hot female juices, and 
suddenly her own pussy erupted with spasms. Her young body jerked, her 
toes clutching, her legs shimmying, her stiff middle finger screwing 
pleasure through her cunt. In her excitement, she gnawed into Barb's 
cunt with her teeth and heard Barb gasp and shiver.

When it was over, Barb rolled off Jenny and collapsed beside her on the 
bed. Skip was kneeling on the other side of Jenny, milking the last 
fuck-feeling through his softening cock. Barb threw an arm over Jenny, 
pressed up against her, and kissed her on the mouth.

As they kissed, Barb released a mouthful of Skip's cum into Jenny's 
mouth, and Jenny groaned, swallowing the spunky fluid greedily. Barb 
continued kissing her, darting her tongue in Jenny's mouth, and Jenny 
lay there in a blissful daze, letting Barb do whatever she wanted.



Chapter 8


 The two teenagers and their former baby-sitter lay side by side on the 
bed, Jenny in the middle, squirming as Barb stroked and kissed and 
finger-fucked her. Skip lay with his arm over his eyes, as if he were 
dozing.

"You're such a doll," Barb said. "Have you ever made it with a girl 
before?"

"No," Jenny said. "Of course not."

Barb chuckled. "It's perfectly natural, you know. Most girls your age 
have sucked pussy. Me, I've been sucking pussy and cock for as long as 
I can remember."

Jenny gasped as the tip of Barb's finger prodded her G-spot. Barb 
tittered and rubbed the super-sensitive spot in Jenny's cuntal wall 
until Jenny thought she was going to come. Barb slipped the finger out 
of Jenny's fuckhole and started rubbing Jenny's clit, wiggling it in 
circles. The stimulation was different, but it affected Jenny the same 
way. She groaned.

"I love to play with teen pussy," Barb said. "So sensitive. It's like 
pressing a magic button. Touch a teen pussy and it explodes."

"I'm gonna explode if you keep that up," Jenny said.

Barb took a finger off Jenny's clit and slid it up her belly, leaving a 
trail of pussy-juice on Jenny's skin. She rubbed some pussy-spit on 
Jenny's nipples, then shoved the juice-slick finger in Jenny's mouth. 
Jenny sucked it clean.

"What a dirty little girl," Barb said. "Eating your own fuck-juice. 
Don't you wish you could suck your own pussy?"

Jenny rolled her eyes.

"I do," Barb said. "If I could suck my own pussy I'd have my head 
between my legs about ten hours a day." She shrieked hilariously.

"Excuse me," Jenny said. She climbed over Barb and off the bed.

"Where are you going?" Barb asked.

"To the bathroom," Jenny said.

"Hurry back," Barb said.

Jenny hadn't settled her ass onto the toilet seat for more than a 
second before Barb came wiggling into the bathroom, her big jugs 
wobbling and jiggling. To Jenny's shock, the woman fell to her knees in 
front of the toilet and shoved her head between Jenny's legs.

"I wanna watch," Barb said.

If Jenny hadn't had to piss so bad, she would have told Barb she was 
crazy and to get out of the bathroom and let her pee in peace. But her 
bladder was about to burst, and her piss-flow was already on the way, 
so Jenny sighed and let it come.

"Mmmmmm!" Jenny moaned.

Barb, whose nose was only inches from Jenny's golden cunt, watched the 
yellow piss-stream for about two seconds before she began to lap at it 
like a cat, catching Jenny's piss and drinking it.

Jenny gazed down at her in shock, but she couldn't stop pissing. Barb 
pressed her open mouth to Jenny's cunt, sucking and guzzling Jenny's 
piss, some of which ran down Barb's neck and between her boobs. Jenny 
started to pant as Barb's lips stimulated her pussy-lips and clit.

"Drink my hot pee!" Jenny growled, surprised that such filthy words had 
come from her own mouth. There was something so disgusting about what 
Barb was doing that Jenny lost all scruples. She slumped on the toilet, 
rubbing her pissing crotch in Barb's mouth. "Eat my dirty pussy!"

Barb went berserk, pressing Jenny's legs wide apart, slurping and 
sucking and gnawing. Her tongue slipped to the hilt up Jenny's cunt as 
the last few dribbles of piss ran into her mouth. Jenny kicked her legs 
up, feeding her pussy to Barb, pointing her sexy toes and playing with 
her tits.

"Ooooh yessss!" Jenny purred, her entire body flushing and tingling. 
She loved being licked between the legs. She loved being dirty and 
sexy. She didn't care anymore what anybody thought of her. She just 
wanted those wonderful feelings.

Barb pulled her head out from between Jenny's legs, then pulled Jenny 
off the toilet and onto her knees on the floor.

"Bend over the bathtub, darling. Turn up this pretty little ass for me 
and I'll lick it out."

Jenny rested her elbows on the bathtub and watched over her shoulder as 
Barb, on her hands and knees behind Jenny, stuck her nose between 
Jenny's asscheeks and started licking out Jenny's ass-cleft. Barb 
licked Jenny's twitching shitter, and Jenny wiggled her ass.

"Stick it up my asshole!" Jenny panted. "Lick out my asshole!"

Barb probed Jenny's hot, sweaty shitter, her tongue-tip licking out the 
tasty crevices. Barb reached up between Jenny's legs, and as she 
slipped her tongue up Jenny's asshole, she slipped her middle finger up 
Jenny's cunt.

"Oooooh yesssss!" Jenny cooed. "Do it!"

As the two females squirmed with excitement, the older woman rimming 
the teenager, Skip walked into the bathroom, scratching his balls. The 
moment he saw what was going on, his cock swelled like a balloon and 
erected in two powerful jerks. He dropped to his knees behind Barb and 
slipped his cock to the hilt up her pussy with one smooth thrust.

"Ahhhh!" Skip sighed. "Hot pussy!"

He grabbed Barb's ass and started to plunge his cock in and out.

Jenny watched over her shoulder as Skip fucked Barb. Barb's eyes had 
turned back in ecstasy and she grunted with each ramming thrust Skip 
gave her. Barb's tongue quivered in Jenny's asshole as if charged with 
electricity, electricity fucked into Barb's body by Skip's huge cock.

Jenny squealed as Barb tongue-fucked her asshole and finger-fucked her 
cunt. Her pussy-juices dribbled out, running down Barb's hand and arm. 
Skip was watching her, and she smiled at him and licked her lips 
seductively. Both she and Skip puckered their lips as if kissing each 
other.

Skip cracked the flat of his hand across Barb's ass, and Barb jerked, 
gasping from the sudden slap.

"Juicy bitch slut," Skip said, slamming his cock up Barb's cunt and 
smacking his hard belly against her ass.

He slapped Barb's ass again, and as she shivered from the stinging 
sensation, he yanked his cock out of her. The massive prong bucked and 
quivered, drenched and dripping with Barb's slick fuck-juices. Female 
juices ran down Skip's balls.

Jenny gazed at Skip's dripping cock, licking her lips as she hungered 
to taste it. Skip ran his hand up Barb's cunt, spreading slick cunt-
lube up Barb's asscrack. He rammed a finger up Barb's asshole and 
pistoned rapidly as Barb squirmed, then yanked the finger out. Then he 
mounted Barb again, guiding his slick cock between her asscheeks. With 
a thrust, he buried his entire cock up Barb's asshole. Jenny's eyes 
almost popped out at the sight.

Barb looked as if she were suffering either excruciating pain or 
unbearable pleasure. Her eyes rolled deliriously. Her body trembled. 
She still had her tongue up Jenny's asshole and a finger up her cunt. 
She rammed her tongue even deeper into Jenny, grinding her nose between 
Jenny's asscheeks. With her free hand she reached up between her own 
legs and started jerking off her pussy.

"Ahhhhhh, I love a tight, hot ass!" Skip groaned, slicing his cock in 
Barb's asshole with longer and longer strokes. "I love to fuck a 
woman's tight shitter!"

He leered at Jenny, licking his lips as he screwed.

Jenny looked down at Skip's gleaming, rapidly sliding cock. Skip looked 
as if he was having the time of his life, but Jenny wondered how Barb 
could stand the pain.

Barb appeared to become more excited with each stroke of Skip's cock up 
her butt. Her body writhed, undulated, her ass churning as Skip rammed 
it. Her right hand jerked rhythmically between her legs, pussy cream 
dripping from it as she finger-fucked herself. Her tongue wriggled and 
darted in Jenny's asshole. The middle finger of her left hand knifed in 
Jenny's pussy, the tip of it jabbing at Jenny's G-spot and making Jenny 
moan.

"Ooooh yesss!" Jenny sighed. "Stick it in!"

She wiggled her ass, fucking her asshole on Barb's tongue. Her itchy 
pussy sucked at Barb's drilling finger.

Barb started to groan. She jerked her ass back at Skip's smacking 
belly.

"Come on, bitch!" Skip moaned. "You're almost there! Your asshole's 
just about popping the knob off my prick! That's it, baby, tighten up! 
Come on, slut! Oh Christ!"

Barb's eyes rolled back to white slits. Her body shuddered violently. 
She groaned as if she were being whipped. Her tongue slipped out of 
Jenny's asshole and she wailed in ecstasy.

Skip growled, ramming his cock repeatedly up Barb's spasming asshole. 
Cunt juice poured from Barb's pussy, dripping off her jerking hand.

"Ahhhh, feels so good, don't it?" Skip said, slapping Barb's ass and 
making her shriek. He plunged his cock up her butthole until Barb's 
orgasm subsided and she begged him to stop. He laughed and yanked his 
cock out. Then he grabbed Barb's ass and pulled her out of the way so 
he could move up behind Jenny.

Jenny was shaking. Pussy-juice ran down the insides of her thighs like 
hot oil. Skip slid his cock between her thighs, greasing it with her 
slick fuckcream. He rubbed his cock up and down between her asscheeks, 
greasing her cleft and pucker.

"What're you gonna do?" Jenny said.

"You know what I'm gonna do," Skip said. "Just relax, like you relaxed 
when I fucked you pussy. You're gonna love it."

"Please don't," Jenny said. She thought Skip must be playing games with 
her, teasing her, trying to scare her. He wouldn't dare try to ram his 
cock up her asshole. It would kill her for sure.

"Barb primed your asshole for a fuck with her tongue," Skip said, the 
knob of his cock searing Jenny's asshole. "Now all you gotta do is 
relax.

He started to fuck into her.

"Don't!" Jenny gasped.

"I love you," Skip said, and half his cock disappeared up Jenny's 
virgin asshole.

Jenny's mouth gaped, but no sound came out.

"I'm in!" Skip panted. "Tight ass!"

Jenny quivered, impaled on her brother's massive cock. Instinctively, 
she reached down between her legs and started jerking off. The 
stimulation in her cunt eased the searing pain in her asshole.

Skip's cock throbbed inside her. Gently but persistently, he pushed. 
The rest of his cock disappeared up Jenny's asshole and his belly 
rubbed against her butt.

"Yeahhhhhhh!" he sighed triumphantly.

Jenny straightened up, pressing her back against her brother's chest, 
moaning as his huge cock throbbed inside her, buried up her ass to the 
hilt. He nudged her blonde hair aside with his nose and nibbled at the 
back and side of her neck. His hands slid up her front and started 
playing with her nipples.

Jenny whimpered, masturbating frantically, squirming against her 
brother, who held his cock motionless in her asshole. As her asshole 
relaxed, he began to slide his cock in and out.

"Oh yes!" Jenny panted. "Oh God yes!"

She was breathless. It felt so good she couldn't believe it.

"Sis!" Skip growled, smoothly slicing his cock in and out. "What an 
ass! So soft and tight and hot and slick! Man, what an ass!"

He gnawed into the side of her neck, drooling spit down her left tit. 
His fingers pinched and twisted her nipples.

Jenny's belly heaved. She panted so fast that she hyperventilated and 
swayed with dizziness. She'd have fallen over if she hadn't been 
impaled on Skip's fence-post cock and crushed in his muscular arms. Her 
middle finger rammed madly in and out of her pussy and the fuck-juices 
poured down between her legs.

"Fuck meeeee!" she whined, out of her mind with excitement, every cell 
of her young body turgid with fuck-tension and the itching, aching need 
for release. "Screw me! Ram me!"

Skip fucked in a frenzy, his eleven inch cock plunging relentlessly in 
Jenny's hot, tight shithole. "Oh, Sis, I'm so close!"

"Shoot it!" Jenny gasped. "Quick! Oh please!"

Skip slammed into her and ejaculated. His body shook as the hot spunk 
splashed in her guts. "Ahhhhh, yeahhhhh!"

Jenny's vision blurred. Her pussy tightened around her finger and her 
asshole squeezed her brother's spurting cock. An electric tingle 
exploded in her loins and spread in a flash throughout her body. She 
screamed sharply, her body jerking with spasms.

"Awwww!" Skip groaned, humping Jenny's ass, pumping cum up her 
bunghole. "Tight ass!"

"Ohhhh yessss!" Jenny whined, writhing in her brother's arms, her loins 
exploding, her asshole sucking greedily at his plunging, spurting cock. 
"Shoot it in me!"

When it was finally over, Skip hauled his cock out of Jenny's asshole 
and collapsed on the tile floor. Jenny slumped forward over the edge of 
the bathtub. Barb, who'd watched everything, applauded the show, saying 
she wished she'd had a video camera to catch it all on tape. Then she 
crawled up behind Jenny, spread Jenny's asscheeks and began licking out 
Jenny's asshole.

Jenny sighed, enjoying the feel of Barb's tongue in her well-stretched 
pucker. Barb growled, licking and sucking until she'd cleaned all of 
Skip's cum out of Jenny's twitching asshole.



Chapter 9


 The next day in school, everything and everybody looked different to 
Jenny. It was as if she was seeing everybody for the first time. She 
found herself eyeing all the boys, wondering what their cocks looked 
like, if they were near as big as Skip, wondering how many of them had 
fucked girls. She looked at each girl who passed her, wondering if the 
girl had been fucked, wondering how many girls had been fucked up the 
ass, or how many had been fucked by their brothers, or how many girls 
had been fucked up the ass by their brothers wonderfully huge cocks. 
She felt like announcing that she was no longer a virgin, that she'd 
been fucked by her brother, that she was ready to fuck almost any boy 
who would shove his hard cock between her legs.

In physics class, Jenny actually spoke to her deskmate, Tricia Blake, 
something she usually avoided whenever possible.

"How's it going?" Jenny said before class.

"Real good," Tricia said, chewing her gum and giving Jenny a seductive 
wink.

During class, the two girls again jerked off as they had yesterday, by 
squeezing their legs together under their skirts. Today's jack off was 
better than yesterday's, however, because today Jenny wasn't wearing 
panties under her skirt, which made the feeling that much better. And 
today Jenny shamelessly watched Tricia's every move and facial 
expression, which turned her on even more.

After class, Tricia leaned toward Jenny and said under her breath, 
"Follow me. We'll have some more fun."

Since it was Jenny's free period, during which she usually went to the 
school library to study, Jenny said what the heck and followed. Tricia 
led Jenny past the cafeteria in the school basement to the girls' 
restroom. Tricia grabbed Jenny's hand and pulled Jenny into the corner 
toilet stall.

Tricia bolted the door. She wrapped her arms around Jenny's neck, 
pressed up against Jenny, and started kissing Jenny on the mouth. 
Tricia's mouth tasted like bubble gum.

Jenny pulled her head back. "Spit out your gum."

Tricia spit the gum in the toilet and smiled. "That better?"

Then she hugged Jenny fiercely and started kissing again, working her 
tongue between Jenny's lips and into her mouth. Her hand went up under 
Jenny's skirt and started playing with Jenny's pussy.

Jenny trembled, somewhat surprised by what was happening, but not 
really shocked. After what had happened yesterday with Skip and Barb, 
she didn't think anything would ever shock her again. She reached up 
under Tricia's skirt to rub Tricia's pussy. Tricia wasn't wearing 
panties either, and discovering that thrilled Jenny. Her hand trembled, 
sliding in the other girl's fuck-juices.

Jenny broke their kiss. "Have you ever been fucked?"

"Of course," Tricia said. "Hundreds of times."

"By who?"

"By about every foxy guy I can get my hands on," Tricia said. "What 
about you?"

"Same here," Jenny lied. "Hundreds of times. Hundreds of guys."

"I thought so," Tricia said. "You being a gymnast and a cheerleader and 
all. You can get any guy in school." She slipped a finger up Jenny's 
cunt and started working it in and out. "You've got a tight pussy."

Jenny panted, the fuck-juices pouring out of her cunt and running down 
her legs.

"You sure are juicy," Tricia said. "You sure you're not peeing?"

"Does it feel like pee?" Jenny said, and she stuck one of her own 
fingers up Tricia's cunt.

Tricia moaned, her eyes rolling. "Feels so good!"

The two girls kissed, tonguing each other's mouth, finger-fucking each 
other's pussy. Fuck cream dribbled from both their cunts, trickling 
down the insides of their thighs like warm, melted butter. Both girls 
panted, their tits rising and falling rapidly. As they made out, they 
kicked off their shoes and stood barefoot on the cool tile of the 
restroom floor, their hot toes playing with each other's feet.

"I'd like to see you get fucked sometime," Tricia said. "I really get 
off on seeing other girls get fucked."

"I'd like to see you get fucked," Jenny said. "I'd like to see you get 
fucked up the asshole."

"I never knew you were such a dirty-mouthed bitch," Tricia said, 
leering into Jenny's face. "I like you."

"I like you," Jenny said, her hand pounding between Tricia's legs, her 
finger ramming Tricia's contracting cunt.

"Ooooh, Jenny, I'm gonna come!" Tricia gasped, her eyes rolling back.

"Me too!" Jenny moaned, her excitement surging to a head as she watched 
the expression of ecstasy in Tricia's eyes.

"Eeeeeh!" Tricia squealed, her pussy exploding around Jenny's finger. 
And Jenny exploded with her, her own pussy chewing up Tricia's finger.

The two girls kissed passionately, their loins pulsing with spasms, 
their bare toes clawing each other's feet, fuck-juices running down 
their legs. They swayed deliriously, clinging to each other, supporting 
each other.

Tricia pulled her dripping hand out from between Jenny's legs and 
started licking off the tart-sweet girl-juice.

"I swear, you squirt when you come," Tricia said.

"Most of the time," Jenny said with a smile. She licked Tricia's cunt 
juice off her own hand. The taste was delicious, sweeter than the taste 
of Barb's pussy.

"I wish I could squirt when I come," Tricia said. "I bet it drives the 
guys nuts when you squirt on their cocks or in their mouths."

"Yeah," Jenny said, and for a moment she actually believed she'd had 
sex with hundreds of guys instead of with only one. "They go nuts."

"Come on over to my house after school and I'll suck you off," Tricia 
said.

"Can't," Jenny said. "I got gymnastics practice. I'll take a rain 
check, though."

"Anytime," Tricia said. "I wanna feel you squirt against my tongue." 
She pulled a fresh stick of bubble gum out of her purse and popped it 
in her mouth. "I'd better get to study hall or they'll think I skipped 
out."



Chapter 10


 In gymnastics class, Jenny found herself eyeing the coach. She'd never 
paid much attention to him in the past. Until yesterday, in fact, her 
mind had always been on her gymnastics during practice. She'd been 
aware of the coach more as a disembodied voice than as a living, 
breathing man. Today she was very aware of the coach being a man, so 
very aware that she stumbled through her exercises more or less in a 
daze.

"Still feeling a bit under the weather?" the coach asked.

He was sticking close to her today, paying more attention to her than 
any of the other girls. And when he caught her on some of her clumsy 
dismounts, his hand pressing between her legs lingered longer than 
usual.

"I'm all right," Jenny said, blushing. "Just a little weak yet, that's 
all."

"Maybe you should go down to my office and relax a while. I've got a 
cot down there you can rest on."

"Maybe I should," Jenny said, blushing even more.

A few minutes later, Jenny found herself alone in the coach's office. 
Funny, but she'd never been in here before. Dozens of photographs, some 
framed, some clippings from newspapers, were mounted on the walls. All 
were pictures of girl gymnasts, some schoolgirls, some Olympic 
champions. Hundreds of willowy young bodies, slim, shapely legs, bare 
feet and pointed toes adorned the walls. The coach was in a lot of the 
pictures, his arms around the girls' shoulders, his mouth pressed to 
victorious young cheeks.

A small cot lay along one wall of the small office. A desk, cluttered 
with papers, took up the middle of the room. In one corner of the room 
sat a canvas laundry bin, full of leotards, girls' panties, gymnastics 
uniforms, and bras. From the sweaty, girlish smell that permeated the 
office, it was evident that the clothing was in need of washing.

Jenny notice a pair of her own panties, marked with her name, lying 
among the jumble of girls' athletic clothing. The coach insisted on 
personally washing the sweaty clothing of the young gymnasts, but it 
always took him forever to get washed clothing back to the girls.

Jenny stretched out on the cot, dressed in her gymnastics uniform, her 
legs and feet bare. The uniform fit her like a satiny, shiny skin, and 
she wore nothing under it--no panties, no bra. As she thought about the 
coach's hand rubbing between her legs when he caught her, her pussy-
lips swelled and the crotch of her uniform pulled up between them like 
a gag. Her pussy throbbed with every beat of her heart and pussy cream 
started leaking out of her. Some of her blonde cunt-fur had curled out 
around the edges of her uniform crotch. She wondered what the coach 
would do when he saw her like this--maybe the same things he'd done 
yesterday to the other girl behind the closed door of this same office-
-maybe the same things he'd done to several of the girls on the team, 
and, she guessed, to many of the sexy nymphettes in the photographs on 
the office wall.

"How are we doing, sweetheart?" Coach Peters stepped into the office 
and closed the door behind him. His eyes immediately fell between 
Jenny's spread legs. "Just thought I'd check up on you, darling. I like 
to take care of my girls."

Jenny heard the bolt click in the door lock.

"I'm still a little weak," she said.

"I hope you're not coming down with mono or something," the coach said. 
He came over to the cot and felt Jenny's forehead.

"I think you might have a slight fever."

"I do?" Jenny opened her eyes, surprised to hear she might actually be 
sick.

"I don't think it's anything to worry about," the coach said. "But I'd 
better take your temperature."

He opened a desk drawer and pulled out a thermometer.

Jenny opened her mouth.

The coach smiled at her. "Unfortunately, all I've got is a rectal 
thermometer. If you don't mind, we'll take off your uniform."

Jenny swallowed. "Take my clothes off?"

"We can't take your temperature very easily otherwise," said the coach. 
"Besides, these flimsy little things you girls wear show off more than 
they hide. You won't be showing me anything I haven't already seen."

Jenny noticed the huge bulge in the man's sweatpants had tented out 
further, as if he had a billyclub sticking up from between his legs. 
She glanced at the tent and swallowed again. The man had a huge cock, 
maybe even bigger than Skip's. With the help of the coach's fumbling 
hands, she pulled off her uniform. She'd never felt so naked in her 
life.

The coach was breathing hotly through his nose. "Get up on your hands 
and knees, darling. Put your sexy little ass up in the air."

Jenny was hot. She could hardly keep from squirming as she leaned 
forward onto her elbows on the cot and stuck her naked ass high in the 
air, turning it up as if for a fuck. Her tits dangled heavily, swollen 
with excitement. Pussy cream dribbled down the insides of her thighs. 
She saw the coach grope his cock. He was sitting on the cot behind her, 
his nose inches from her gaping, oozing cunt. He slipped the 
thermometer into her moist, twitching asshole.

"I'll have to hold onto the thermometer so it doesn't slip inside you 
and disappear," the coach said. "We wouldn't want that, would we?"

Jenny giggled. "No."

"Just relax," the coach said. Slowly, he started twisting the 
thermometer in Jenny's asshole, at the same time working it in and out, 
as if fucking her with it.

Jenny started to pant. She couldn't keep her ass from wiggling. As she 
grew more excited, she felt her pussy-lips swell even more, and as they 
swelled they parted, opening up her cunt. The coach was breathing 
heavily. Jenny heard him sniffing her ass and cunt.

"We'd better check this," the coach said. He slipped the thermometer 
out of her asshole.

Looking up between her tits and legs, Jenny watched the coach push the 
thermometer into his mouth and suck it clean.

"Hmm," he said. "According to this, you don't have a fever. You sure 
feel warm, though. I wonder if this thing is broken." He reached over 
and placed the thermometer on his desk. "Maybe I'd better check it out 
with a more reliable gauge."

Jenny kept her ass high in the air, wondering what the coach would do 
next. The end of the bulge in his sweatpants was all wet.

The coach sucked on the middle finger of his right hand, lubricating 
it, then slipped the finger between Jenny's asscheeks. "Just relax, 
honey."

He wiggled the tip of his finger against her ass-pucker, then pushed. 
His finger disappeared up Jenny's asshole as if sucked inside.

"Oh, coach!" Jenny gasped. Her cunt contracted and a tiny stream of 
pussy-juice squirted out, spraying onto the coach's nose.

"Jesus!" the coach said. "Honey, I can't help myself!"

Pumping his finger in and out of Jenny's asshole, he started slurping 
at her upturned crotch, eating up her pussy juices, licking out the 
tasty folds of succulent meat between her cunt-lips. He licked down 
between her thighs, cleaning up the sweet juices that had dribbled down 
her skin.

"Oh, honey! Gorgeous little bitch!"

Jenny churned her ass, moaning as the coach finger-fucked her asshole 
and ate her pussy. She pushed her right foot into his lap, toeing his 
cock through his sweatpants. The coach groaned and rammed his tongue up 
her cunt.

"Oh, Coach, yesss!" Jenny whined. "Lick my pussy! Oh, yes!" She rubbed 
her ass wildly in the man's face, grinding her pussy in his mouth, 
fucking herself on his darting, twisting tongue. Pussy-juices seeped 
out of her, running into the man's mouth and down his throat.

The coach sucked, slurped, slobbered, growling as he ate her out and 
drank her tart-sweet girl-juices. His finger continued to twist in her 
asshole, doubling the pleasure Jenny felt in her loins. The tip of his 
tongue probed her G-spot, the most sensitive spot in her cuntal walls, 
and Jenny let out such a squeal of delight that the coach continued 
jabbing the spot with his tongue-tip. Jenny went crazy. In seconds, she 
exploded.

"Ooooooh!" she groaned, her cunt spasming around the coach's tongue, 
her asshole clutching his finger. "Oooooh yessss, I'm coming!"

She wiggled and jerked her ass, feeding the coach her juicy pussy.

The coach sucked greedily, drinking her hot fuck-juice, growling and 
groaning as if he were feeling as good as she was.

When it was over, the coach pulled both his tongue and finger out of 
Jenny at the same time. Her fuckholes remained open for a few moments, 
cool air licking their hot edges. The coach sucked his middle finger 
clean, savoring the taste of Jenny's sweet young asshole.

Jenny relaxed down on the cot, turning on her side and curling up. The 
coach stood up, pulling off his sweatshirt and sweatpants. From where 
Jenny lay, the coach's cock looked like a baseball bat sticking up from 
between his legs. Foreskin half covered the bulbous prickhead, and 
veins bulged out all over the massively thick shaft. The coach's hairy 
balls looked about the size of hen's eggs.

"How'd you like to suck this!" the coach said, massaging his cock, 
making the foreskin slide. "How'd you like to taste this big thing! 
How'd you like to eat my cum!"

Though still quivering from her orgasm, Jenny felt a new rush of heat 
and excitement throughout her body. The spit flowed in her mouth, 
trickling from one corner of her lips as she stuck her tongue out.

"Coach," she whispered. "Yes!"

The muscular coach dropped to his knees beside the low cot and shoved 
his cock into Jenny's waiting hands. She stroked the huge, sweaty man-
cock, feeling its hardness and smoothness, rippling her fingers over 
the cock veins, peeling the foreskin back off the knob and inhaling the 
musky aroma. As she squeezed the massive fuck-rod, lube oozed out the 
pisshole, and Jenny flicked it off with her tongue.

The coach pressed closer, shoving his cock at Jenny's mouth. "Suck it, 
sweetheart! Lick it and suck it!"

Her hands trembling as she held the massive cock, she began lapping at 
the naked knob, cleaning the salty moisture off, teasing the pisshole 
with the tip of her tongue and sipping the lube as it bubbled out. Her 
hands began to slide up and down, working the foreskin along the shaft. 
Her mouth gaped and she engulfed the knob and a few inches of the 
shaft. The cock was so thick that she couldn't swallow much of it.

The coach's eyes rolled. He had his hands on his hips, kneeling there 
next to the cot as he fed the schoolgirl gymnast his rampant cock. 
Slowly, he started rotating his hips, working his cock in Jenny's 
mouth, rubbing the underside of his knob against her hot wriggling 
tongue.

"Oh, baby!" he groaned. "Pleasure that thing! Suck it, lick it, eat it! 
Jerk it off! Oh shit, you're good!"

Jenny was delirious. She lay there on her side, cradling the coach's 
big prick, playing with it and sucking it as if it were a giant toy 
that she owned. She loved the salty taste of the man's cock. She stuck 
the tip of her tongue a half inch up his pisshole, twisting it as she 
vigorously jerked his foreskin up and down.

The coach was gasping, wiggling his ass and working his cockhead 
between Jenny's lips, fucking the shaft between her silky-soft hands.

"Suck! Lick! Jack!" he panted.

Jenny felt his cock harden, felt it quiver in her hands, sensed the 
electricity shooting through its core. The massive fucker flexed, 
shuddered, and hot spunk shot into her mouth.

"Ahhhhhh!" the coach moaned. "Yeahhhhhh!"

He humped rapidly, rhythmically, working his spasming prick between 
Jenny's hands, pleasuring the head in her mouth, shooting spunk against 
her tonsils and tongue.

Jenny cooed, sucking and gulping the man's cum. It was so hot and thick 
she could hardly swallow it. Huge slimy wads of the coach's spunk slid 
down her gullet. She kept jerking her hands and sucking until the last 
gobs oozed out and the cock began to soften.

The coach sighed and pulled his cock away.

"Thanks," he said. "You're a lot more experienced than I ever figured."

Jenny sat up, licking the cum off her lips. After sucking the man's 
cock, her body was tingling all over. She spread her legs and started 
rubbing her pussy, her eyes on the coach's massive, dangling cock.

"You wanna be fucked now, I guess," the coach said.

"Yes," said Jenny, her young body throbbing with renewed lust. "Fuck me 
coach!"

The coach grabbed his cock and started working up a fresh hard-on for 
Jenny, his eyes roving all over her sexy teen gymnast's body.

 The coach laid Jenny on her back across his desk, lifted her legs and 
let them rest against his shoulders, wrapped his hands around her slim 
waist and pulled her twitching little ass toward his cock. His cockhead 
kissed her pussy, rubbing the fluffy pink fuckmeat between her blonde 
cunt-slabs. He wiggled his cock, driving Jenny crazy, making her 
squirm.

The coach chuckled. "Anxious for it, huh?"

"Stick it in!" Jenny growled. "Oooooh, fuck me!"

"I bet you've never had one this big inside you. It's gonna hurt."

"I don't care," Jenny said. "I want it. I wanna be fucked."

Her cunt contracted, bubbling cuntlube all over the man's prickhead. 
Her pussy cream trickled down his shaft and onto his balls.

"I don't think I've ever had a girl as juicy as you," the coach said. 
"You actually squirt. I've only seen a few other girls do that before."

"Please put it in!" Jenny moaned.

Her toes worked crazily, and she started rubbing her feet up and down 
the man's cheeks to entice him.

He turned his face from side to side, nuzzling her soles. He started 
licking her feet, his tongue darting between her toes. He took several 
toes into his mouth and started sucking them.

Jenny moaned, tossing her head from side to side. Her cunt started 
contracting rhythmically. Just when she thought she was going to scream 
with frustration, she felt the coach's cock slip into her cunt. It was 
enormous, as thick as an arm, but it slipped in easily, disappearing 
inside her to the hilt. Jenny's eyes rolled back in ecstasy. Both she 
and the coach groaned. He was still sucking her toes.

"Yes!" Jenny sighed. "Fuck me!"

She wiggled her ass, rocked her loins, fucking herself on the coach's 
cock. It was bigger than Skip's cock, but it really didn't feel that 
much bigger inside her, and it slipped in and out smoothly.

The coach had hold of both Jenny's feet, and he continued to kiss and 
lick and suck them as he fucked her. He chewed on her toenails, sucked 
half her right foot into his mouth, spit it out and sucked up half her 
left foot. Her feet were in ecstasy, and the coach continued to 
pleasure them, sucking her toes until she wanted to scream.

"Oh yes!" she cried, squirming on the desk, her blonde head twisting 
from side to side.

"Fuck me! Suck my toes! Oh yes!"

She wiggled her loins wildly, churning her madly throbbing cunt on the 
man's rapidly thrusting cock.

"Mmmmm, mannnn!" the coach groaned, humping deliriously, sliding his 
lust-saturated cock in the searing-hot pussy of the purring teenager, 
sucking her sexy young toes as they wiggled and clutched in his mouth.

Jenny grabbed her tits, squeezing them, rubbing them in circles, 
massaging her cherry-bumps and nipples. She felt sexy all over. Her 
clit rubbed against the man's sliding cockshaft. The hot edges of his 
knob massaged the sensitive folds of her cuntal walls. As his steel-
hard prong rubbed her G-spot, she started losing her mind. She thrashed 
on the desk, rocking her loins, crazy to bring herself off.

The coach dropped her feet, fell forward over her, crushed his hairy 
chest to her swollen tits, covered his mouth with hers. He humped 
against her so forcefully, ramming his cock in so hard and deep, that 
with each thrust the desk legs scraped along the concrete floor. He 
rammed his tongue down her throat and she sucked it, gazing deliriously 
into his lust-watery eyes. Her arms and legs wrapped around him. He was 
fucking her so deep she thought his cock would come out of her mouth. 
His eyes rolled back in ecstasy and he began to spurt.

"Awwwwww!" he groaned. "Ahhhhhh!"

He fucked out of control, ramming his cock up Jenny's pussy with all 
his strength, firing stream after stream of scalding jism into her 
womb.

Jenny hovered at the brink of orgasm for an endless moment. It was as 
if time had stopped forever. The man's cock bucked inside her, spurting 
endlessly, and Jenny lay under him, on the edge of ecstasy, 
experiencing orgasm without the spasms. She thought she'd never get 
over the hump, but at once, she exploded.

Her fingernails sank into the man's back, her toenails into his ass. 
She squirmed up against him, crushing her body into his body, melting 
into him. Her cunt contracted fast, hard, almost viciously, and the 
coach gasped as her pussy nearly popped the knob off his pleasure-raw 
cock. She bit the man's jaw, clawed his back, writhed under him so 
violently that she nearly rolled them both off the desk. She felt a hot 
cum-spurt drill her womb and she shrieked with delicious excitement 
until her orgasm was over.

The coach pushed up off her, staggered around the office as if he were 
lost. "Jesus, girl, you nearly sucked the life out of me! I ain't never 
fucked a pussy like that before!"

Jenny lay across the desk, moaning softly. What a fuck! She thought. 
What a feeling!

Before Jenny left his office, the coach said, "I hope you'll be coming 
around regularly from now on, sweetheart."

"I hope so too," Jenny said. She glanced at the dangling outline of the 
coach's cock in his sweatpants. "I know so, Coach."



Chapter 11


 Over the next week, Jenny slept with Skip every night. Usually Skip 
went to sleep with his cock buried in Jenny's cunt from behind, and the 
two of them would remain coupled all night, waking periodically to fuck 
themselves to a climax. He fucked her in the morning before school, 
fucked her before dinner, and fucked her before the two of them went to 
bed to fuck some more. She was never able to get enough of her twin 
brother's huge, rock-hard cock, and he was never able to get enough of 
her tight, super-juicy cunt.

But Skip wasn't the only person to keep Jenny's insatiable young cunt 
satisfied. There was Barb, who stopped by at every chance to give Jenny 
a tongue-job. And there was Tricia, who loved to suck Jenny's cunt as 
much as Barb did. Barb stopped by one day while Tricia and Jenny were 
sixty-nining, and Barb nearly had a heart attack as she joined in the 
action and sucked off both squirming, squealing teenagers.

Then there was Coach Peters. Jenny was getting in the habit of stopping 
by his office after gymnastics practice and turning her ass up for him 
to lick and fuck. Sometimes when she stopped by his office his door was 
locked and she could hear some other girl giggling and gasping as the 
coach worked her over, and that always made Jenny fume with jealousy. 
Despite her fuming, however, she usually pressed her ear to the door 
and listened to every gasp and grunt, jerking herself off as she 
eavesdropped.

One afternoon when Jenny got home from school, her ass and cunt still 
throbbing from the after-practice workout the coach's cock had given 
them, the coach's cum oozing from her asshole, she stepped through the 
front door of the house and found three naked boys sprawled on the 
floor in the living room. The boys were Skip and two of his buddies 
from the wrestling team. They had the TV on and were jacking off as 
they watched a video porn movie Skip had got hold of. All three boys 
sat up and let go of their cocks as Jenny walked into the room.

"Hey, Sis," Skip said. "We've been waiting for you. Take off your 
clothes and get comfortable."

Jenny flushed. It was obvious that Skip had been blabbing to his 
buddies about his having fucked her, and now it was obvious that his 
two buddies wanted to fuck her too.

"This is Todd," Skip said, nodding toward the redheaded boy sitting on 
the floor to Skip's right. "And this is Greg."

Greg was short and stocky, with black hair and a thick stubby cock. 
Todd was tall and gangly, with an uncut cock almost as big as Skip's.

Jenny's tongue almost dropped out as she eyed the three rigid cocks 
waiting for her. On the TV screen an actress was shrieking. Jenny 
dropped her books on a chair and shakily began taking off her clothes, 
starting with her shoes. The three boys watched her every move, 
salivating as if they were going to eat her alive.

"Man, your sister's one hot chick!" Greg said. He grabbed his cock and 
started to stroke it. "Great tits."

"She does everything," Skip said. "She can't get enough hard prick."

"I got some hard prick for her," Todd said. He held his cock at the 
base of the shaft, waving it at Jenny like a club. His foreskin was 
pulled back nearly off his knob, and the fuck-lube oozed from his 
pisshole.

Skip turned off the TV.

"We don't need this on anymore," he said. "Not when we got the real 
thing."

Jenny stood naked in front of the three boys, quivering from head to 
toes. She reached up behind her head and took down her ponytail, 
letting her long blonde hair hang freely halfway down her back. As she 
eyed the boys' throbbing cocks, pussy-juice started leaking down 
between her thighs.

"So, what you guys wanna do?" Skip asked.

"I want a blow-job," said Greg. He stood up, his hands on his hips, his 
thick cock ready to split out of its foreskin from hardness.

Jenny took one look at Greg's lube-oozing prick and she went down on 
her knees in front of him. She swallowed his cock to the balls, burying 
her nose in his thatch of black groin hair. The cock tasted sweaty. It 
was red-hot and harder than a bone. As Jenny started to suck, Greg's 
ball swelled and lifted in their sac, and he moaned, wrapping his hands 
around Jenny's head.

"Yeah, baby, suck that thing!" Greg humped into Jenny's mouth, rubbing 
the underside of his cock against her tongue. His dark eyes rolled with 
pleasure. The muscles of his body undulated under his smooth skin.

"She sure loves prick," Todd said, sliding the foreskin up and down his 
cock.

"She loves to eat cum," Skip said. "I can't feed her enough of it."

"She can eat my cum anytime," Todd said.

"Mmmm yeahhh, baby, suck it!" Greg wrapped his fingers in Jenny's hair, 
dug his fingernails into her scalp, and thrust forward, ramming his 
cock rapidly in and out of her mouth. "Shit, she's good! Yeah, lick it 
right there!"

Jenny twirled her tongue at the underside of Greg's cock as he slipped 
it in and out. She could taste the salty gobs of his fuck-lube as they 
rolled out of his pisshole and down her throat. She closed her eyes, 
enjoying the sensation of having a sweaty, rock-hard cock stuffing her 
face. As the cock slipped in and out, itchy fuck-sensations saturated 
her lips and tongue and excitement pulsed through her body. She rammed 
a finger up her pussy and started jerking off.

"Hot!" Todd gasped. "Look at that horny little bitch finger-fuck her 
pussy! Christ, there's juice running down her legs.

"She's a juicy bitch," Skip said. "I've never fucked one juicier."

"Man!" Todd yelled.

He crawled on his hands and knees around behind Jenny, his hand jerking 
up and down his prick, and crouching low, he shoved his red head 
between her thighs from behind. His hot tongue lapped up the juice 
running down the insides of Jenny's thighs.

"Tastes great!"

As Jenny sucked Greg's cock, she turned up her ass, wiggling it in 
Todd's face. Todd plunged his nose between her asscheeks, his tongue 
slurping at her crotch as Jenny finger-fucked herself. Todd licked up 
Jenny's asscrack and shoved his tongue in her recently fucked asshole, 
rimming her, eating her asshole out.

"Damn, this is hot!" Greg panted, ramming his cock faster and faster in 
Jenny's mouth. "What a girl!"

Jenny groaned, sucking vigorously, her tongue churning nonstop at the 
sensitive underside of Greg's cock. Todd's tongue in her asshole made 
her squirm. She gazed up seductively at Greg, showing him her cute, 
sexy blue eyes. Greg looked as if he were going to pass out with 
pleasure. His cock began to pulse and quiver in Jenny's mouth.

"I'm coming!" Greg gasped. "Yeah, eat it!"

He rammed his cock to the hilt into Jenny's mouth. His body shuddered, 
his cock flexed, and a stream of hot spunk splashed against Jenny's 
tonsils.

Jenny gulped, guzzling the hot, slimy jism. It was salty, but much 
sweeter tasting than she'd expected. She cooed, sucking rhythmically, 
delighting at each buck and spurt of the boy's hot prick between her 
lips.

Greg moaned, ramming his cock into Jenny's mouth again and again and 
again. "Eat my load! Suck out my cum!"

At last as Greg pulled his cock out of Jenny's mouth and staggered over 
to the couch to collapse on it, Todd slipped his tongue out of Jenny's 
asshole and slid up behind her. "I wanna fuck your hot little shitter," 
Todd growled in Jenny's ear.

Jenny shivered. "Mmmm, stick it in!"

"Yeahhhh," Todd said. He spit in his hands and smeared his cock with 
the spit. Jenny dropped forward onto her hands and knees so Todd would 
have a better angle to penetrate her, and she turned up her sexy, jizz-
oozing ass at him. Todd took one look at her twitching pucker and 
rammed his cockhead against it. Her asshole opened and sucked Todd's 
cock in all the way.

"Ahhhhh!" Todd groaned. "What a hole! I've never fucked a girl's 
asshole this easy!"

"That's 'cause I taught her how to relax," Skip said. "Plus, I've 
reamed her out about a hundred times."

"She's so tight," Todd said, sliding his cock in and out and groaning 
with pleasure.

"Tight but slick," Skip said. "I've never fucked a better ass."

As Todd humped Jenny's ass, moaning deliriously with each screw, Skip 
kneeled in front of Jenny so she could suck his cock. Jenny stuck the 
middle finger of her right hand up her cunt, beating off as she ass-
fucked Todd's cock and sucked on Skip.

"Suck slow and easy, Skip said. "I don't wanna come right off. Careful 
with that tongue."

Jenny was so experienced at sucking Skip's cock by now that she'd 
learned exactly how to pleasure it to bring him off in seconds. All she 
had to do was get her tongue under his foreskin and tongue his knob, 
which drove him nuts, then slurp the underside of his knob a few times 
while sucking his shaft. If she hit just the right spot, he'd be 
gushing like a geyser in seconds.

"Sis, watch that tongue!" Skip cautioned as Jenny started getting too 
playful.

"I'm in fuck-heaven!" Todd groaned, his hands clutching Jenny's loins, 
his own loins swinging, driving his rigid cock up Jenny's asshole again 
and again. "I swear, this asshole feels better than any pussy I've ever 
fucked!"

"Try out her pussy," Skip said. "See what you think."

"I think I will," Todd said.

As Todd slipped his cock out of Jenny's asshole, Jenny pulled her 
finger out of her cunt and turned her ass up higher. Todd pushed the 
bulbous head of his cock between Jenny's pussy-lips, and with an easy 
thrust, he buried his entire cock up her cunt.

"Ahhhhh!" Todd groaned, his eyes rolling back. "Tight, hot pussy!"

He fucked rapidly, grunting with each thrust. His belly smack against 
Jenny's ass.

Jenny squealed, sucking harder on Skip's cock, wiggling her ass as Todd 
screwed her pussy.

"What do you think?" Skip asked, panting as Jenny sucked his cock.

"Feels great!" Todd gasped. "Different, but just as good! This girl's 
got the best-feeling holes I've ever fucked!"

Skip laughed. "You ought to feel her mouth." He pulled his cock out of 
Jenny's Mouth. "Come on, Todd, try out her mouth."

"I like this," Todd said. "Any hole I want I can stick it in is mine." 
He pulled his cock out of Jenny's pussy. It was dripping with her fuck-
juices. On his knees, he moved around in front of Jenny and stuck his 
cunt-wet cock in her mouth.

Jenny stuck her tongue under Todd's foreskin and started slurping, 
twirling her tongue around and around his knob.

"Awww, yeahhhh!" Todd groaned. "What a mouth! What a hot, electric 
tongue! Suck my prong, you jizz-hungry slut!"

Jenny stuck her finger back up her cunt, jerking off as she sucked and 
licked Todd's cunt-flavored cock. There was something wickedly exciting 
about sucking Todd's cock right after he'd pulled it out of her cunt, 
and she sucked greedily, twisting her blonde head from side to side. 
Her tongue twirled and churned, pleasuring the most sensitive parts of 
Todd's bucking teen cock. In a matter of seconds the cock flexed hard 
in Jenny's mouth and began to spurt.

"I'm cumming!" Todd grunted. "Jesus, ahhhh!" He rammed his cock to the 
hilt down Jenny's throat, then humped rhythmically, spurting again and 
again. "Eat it, bitch!"

Jenny was delirious. The potent aroma of hot spunk filled her head. She 
choked as the cum flooded her throat and overflowed her mouth. Todd's 
cock was big, and the head of it kept lodging in Jenny's throat as the 
spunk shot from the pisshole. Jenny gulped as best she could, but cum 
escaped her mouth and dripped from her chin.

"Look at that chick suck cock!" Greg said, getting up off the couch, 
his cock in his hand. He watched closely as Jenny gulped down Todd's 
load.

Next to Greg, Skip stood beating his own cock, smiling as Jenny 
struggled with Todd's bucking cock as if she'd swallowed a rattlesnake. 
"Way to go, Sis! eat that cock! Guzzle that slop!"

Jenny closed her eyes, gulped a throatful of spunk, and exploded 
between her legs as her finger knifed in her pussy. She squeezed her 
thighs together, shimmying them, squirming as the jolts of electric 
pleasure surged through her body. Pussy-juice gushed out of her, 
running like hot sap between her thighs. She opened her eyes and saw 
all three boys watching her, and their ogling attention turned her on 
even more. She rolled her glazed eyes at them, her body spasming with 
ecstasy.

"Sexy fucking chick!" Greg panted, jerking on his cock.



Chapter 12


 Jenny had hardly finished spasming when Greg rolled her onto her back 
on the floor and sprawled out on top of her. He had his legs between 
her thighs and he forced them further apart so he could stick his cock 
up her pussy. Jenny gasped as the hot, stiff cock began to fuck her 
feverishly spasmed crotch. Her arms and legs closed around the grunting 
boy, crushing his muscular body against her, hugging him tightly in an 
effort to slow down his thrusting.

"Please, my pussy's sensitive!" Jenny gasped, and her eyes almost 
popped out as Greg's searing-hot cock kissed her G-spot.

"Slow down, billy-goat," Skip said to Greg. "You're gonna blow your 
nuts before you've had any fun."

"I'm having fun," Greg grunted, humping fast and hard, driving his 
rigid cock up Jenny's pussy again and again. "Feels so fucking good!"

"Roll over on your back," Skip said. "Pull her on top of you. I wanna 
screw her asshole."

"Huh?" Greg threw a puzzled glance over his shoulder at Skip. His loins 
kept moving.

Skip gave Greg a push with his foot, rolling Greg and Jenny onto their 
sides. Greg fell onto his back and Jenny, clinging to him, came down on 
top of him. Now she was on top with Greg beneath her, humping upward 
into her cunt. Skip got down over Jenny from behind and started working 
his cock into her asshole.

"Oooooh yessss!" Jenny purred, shaking with excitement.

She was going to be fucked by two cocks at once--one up the cunt, one 
up the asshole. As Skip's cock slipped to the hilt up her asshole, her 
mouth gaped from the pressure in her loins. The two cocks felt enormous 
inside her, as big as arms.

Greg gnawed the front of Jenny's neck, sucked up flesh and gave her 
hickies. Skip gnawed the back of Jenny's neck, nuzzling under her 
blonde hair, giving her goosebumps that covered her entire body. Jenny 
squirmed crazily between the two rutting teenagers, groaning and 
panting, her ass wiggling with wild gyrations.

"Fuck me!" she squealed. "Ooooh fuck me!" The two cocks were like two 
hot, oiled snakes sliding in and out of her. Each screwing thrust sent 
fuck sensations shooting to her toes.

Todd came over and kneeled in front of Jenny. His big uncut cock was 
hard again, and he was working it in his fist, jerking the foreskin up 
and down. Fuck-lube oozed from the pisshole, greasing the shiny knob, 
leaking under his foreskin. Jenny stuck her tongue out, and Todd shoved 
his cock in Jenny's mouth.

Jenny's eyes crossed, turned back, rolled deliriously. She'd never been 
so stuffed with cock. Her every fuckhole was filled with hard, 
throbbing dick. She salivated profusely, sucking Todd's cock. Her 
asshole and cunt tightened, sucking the cocks of Greg and Skip. She was 
in fuck heaven, and she wanted it to last forever.

The boys grunted and moaned, getting hotter and sweatier as they worked 
their teen cocks inside her. Her lips smacked. The cocks in her cunt 
and asshole made squashing sounds as they rubbed her juicy fuckmeat. 
She nearly came each time she felt the three cocks swell and pulsate in 
her pussy, ass, and mouth.

"I'm getting fucking close!" Greg panted.
"Let's come together," Skip said. "I'll blast her asshole and you blast 
her cunt."

"Yeah," Greg said, thrusting faster, knifing his cock up Jenny's pussy. 
"Yeah! Yeahhh, let's shoot!"

"Yeahhh!" Skip moaned, thrusting rapidly up Jenny's asshole. "Let's 
cream this bitch!"

Jenny nearly jumped out of her skin from the sensation of the two hard 
cocks pistoning in her loins. Her toes clutched. Her nipples hardened 
as she rubbed them against Greg's chest. She felt the two cocks growing 
larger and harder inside her.

Greg was humping like a jackrabbit, thrusting upward, his back arched, 
all his strength directed into fucking Jenny's pussy. Jenny's fuck-
juices washed down over his balls.

"I'm gonna come!" Greg panted. "Shit!"

"Here I go!" Skip moaned. "Here it comes!"

The two cocks flexed murderously hard inside Jenny, flexed in unison, 
flexed and shuddered, shuddered and shot off. Hot spunk gushed into 
Jenny's loins, splashing in her pussy, splashing in her bowels.

"Ahhhhh!" Greg and Skip moaned in unison. "Ahhhhhh!"

Jenny would have screamed if Todd's cock hadn't been stuffed in her 
mouth to keep her quiet. She could feel the hot spunk shooting inside 
her, could feel every flex and quiver and ejaculation of the two cocks 
impaling her loins. She wiggled her ass in a frenzy of lust, and 
suddenly she exploded. Todd yanked his cock out of her mouth as she bit 
into it, and Jenny wailed louder than Greg and Skip together. The 
pleasure was nearly unbearable.

Greg and Skip gasped as Jenny's fuckholes rapidly milked their bucking, 
spurting cocks. Greg let out a whimper, his body shivering, his cock 
nearly jumping out of its skin in Jenny's hard-sucking pussy. Skip kept 
humping, pleasuring his cock in Jenny's contracting shithole. Jenny 
writhed between the muscular boys, gasping and shrieking until every 
twinge of spastic ecstasy had been milked from her loins.

Skip pulled his cock out and rolled off. Greg pushed Jenny away and 
rolled out from under her. Before Jenny could collapse against the 
floor and relax, Todd grabbed her from behind and pulled her to her 
hands and knees. Kneeling up behind her, he stuck his cock up her jizz-
oozing cunt.

"This is living!" Todd sighed. "All the pussy and ass a guy could want. 
"Ahhhhh!"

His fingers clutching Jenny's hips, he plunged his cock up her pussy 
again and again.

Jenny, who'd just experienced two orgasms in close succession, shrieked 
from the intense stimulation of a hard cock ramming her pussy. Her cunt 
was so sensitive that Todd's fucking was nearly unbearable. She pleaded 
with him to stop, to give her a break, but his itch-saturated cock was 
not about to pull out of the hole that gave it satisfaction.

"I'm gonna fuck you to death!" Todd muttered, screwing faster, his 
belly slamming Jenny's upturned ass. "Ahhh, yeahhhhh!"

As Todd fucked, Greg's cum bubbled from Jenny's cunt and creamed Todd's 
balls. His fat cock rammed her deep, the head of it popping in and out 
of her womb.

Jenny whined as if she were being whipped, her entire body shuddering. 
For a few moments she thought she would pass out, then her cunt began 
to suck as the ultra-sensitivity of her pussy gave way to a throbbing, 
aching lust. Gnawing her lips, she began to churn her ass, screwing her 
cunt on Todd's cock.

"Give it to me! Fuck me!"

"Jesus!" Todd gasped, his eyes nearly popping out. "What a pussy!"

He hugged Jenny's loins, ramming her hard-sucking cunt, plunging his 
cock in the depths of her pussy.

Jenny leered, tossing her blonde head from side to side, churning her 
ass. Her tits wobbled under her. Her toes clutched with each rush of 
sensations through her body. She tightened her pussy, trying to tease 
the spunk from Todd's balls.

"I'm gonna cum!" Todd groaned. "Fuck!" He fell forward over Jenny, his 
arms around her loins, his own loins jerking. His eyes rolled back and 
his body shook. His jism spurted up Jenny's cunt. "Ahhhhhhh!"

Jenny cooed, contracting her cunt to the rhythm of Todd's spurting. As 
her loins tightened, Skip's cum seeped from her asshole, trickling down 
her asscrack. Todd humped and grunted until he'd squeezed every drop of 
spunk and pleasure from his cock. As he pulled out, some of Skip's cum 
leaking down Jenny's asscrack dribbled onto his prickhead.

Before Jenny had a chance to move, Greg was kneeling behind her. He 
grabbed her ass and stuck his cock up her asshole. "Ahhhh!"

"Don't you guys ever go soft?" Jenny said. Giving Greg a seductive leer 
over her shoulder, she began to rotate her ass.

Skip kneeled in front of Jenny. Wrapping his left-hand fingers in her 
blonde hair and keeping her face turned up, he began to jack off near 
her mouth. She flicked her tongue at his pisshole, catching the drips 
of his warm fuck-lube.

"You guys like my sister?" Skip panted as he stroked his stiff cock 
vigorously.

Todd, who was lying on the couch in a daze, grunted. Greg, whose tongue 
was hanging out like a dog's as he humped Jenny's ass, groaned 
deliriously.

"Animals," Skip said. "All you wanna do is sleep and fuck--just like 
me."

It took Greg less than two minutes of ass-humping before he shot off. 
He moaned as if being whipped, "Awwwwwww!" and emptied his third load 
of spunk into Jenny's body,

Skip watched for a few seconds as Greg humped spastically against 
Jenny's smooth white buttocks, then looked downward. Brother and sister 
gazed into each other's eyes.

"Sis!" Skip cried.

"Skip!" Jenny shouted.

Cum burst from Skip's cock, drenching Jenny's face. Cum ran down her 
neck and tits, dripping from her nipples. Skip stuffed his cock into 
Jenny's mouth, crushing her upper lips painfully against her teeth in 
his haste. He shoved it down her throat, catching her unprepared, 
causing her throat to burn and her eyes to water as she fought the gag 
reflex. He shot his cum straight down her gullet.

Jenny pushed forward, ignoring the pain of Skip's hand twisting in her 
hair, swallowed his magnificent cock clear to the root, buried her nose 
in Skip's pubic hair and gulped her brother's delicious cum as she 
began to spasm.


The End



“White Girls in Africa”
By
Argus

Copyright resides with author




C h a p t e r    O n e





	"Life wearies me," Megan said with an extravagant groan. 
	Samantha raised her eyebrows and pursed her lips. "You mean you're bored." 
	"That's what I said," Megan scowled.
	Samantha rolled her eyes, then looked ahead and slowed her walk, nudging her blonde companion and nodding her head.
	"What do you think?"
	Megan pursed her lips. "Party."
	"Mmm. All the proper people," Samantha said in mock awe.
	They walked closer, watching a line of glistening limousines pull through the open gate and up before the entrance of a large Victorian manor.
	"I dunno," Megan said, watching men in tuxedos and women in gowns make their dignified way up the steps. "Looks like a dreary lot, far too serious and full of themselves."
	"Well, Knightsbridge is, isn't it?" Samantha replied with a shrug. "Still, probably be decent food. And perhaps we can find our own...entertainment."
	Megan reached up and combed her fingers through her thick golden hair. "Bloody foreigners," she said. "What's the flag?"
	"Dunno. Does it matter?"
	They started across the street, Samantha starting to giggle as they approached the gate. Megan caught her arm and they hurried forward as a car turned in, coming up behind it and positioning themselves behind a group of expensively dressed people.
	They walked solemnly up the stairs, both fighting to hide laughter as a distinguished looking black man at the door greeted each of the newcomers.
	"What do we do when..."
	"Hssst!" Megan cut her off.
	"So good of you to come, your Excellency," the man said, shaking hands with the man just in front of them.
	He turned and his eyes widened as he caught sight of the two girls. Then Megan threw herself into his arms, crushed her lips against him and gave him an enormous French kiss that sent him stumbling back against the wall.
	Samantha burst into laughter and rushed past, Megan quickly following. They turned down the nearest hall, away from where everyone else seemed headed, then took a flight of stairs three at a time.
	They ran down a hall, finding one half of a double door open and rushed inside, closing and locking it behind.
	"Oh God!" Samantha laughed.
	Megan held herself as she laughed.
	"I haven't had that much fun since high school!"
	"Has been a dull six months, hasn't it," Samantha giggled, looking around at the room.
	It was a large, comfortably decorated office, with bookcases lining the walls, a heavy leather sofa, and, to Samantha's delight, a wet bar in one corner. She hurried over to it as Megan wandered to the desk, sat down heavily in the executive chair behind it, and began to leaf through the correspondence and files she found.
	"Nigeria," she said.
	"How nice for them," Samantha replied from the corner. "Care for a drink, love?"
	"Scotch?"
	"Of course. Hmmm, no ice, though."
	"Bloody wogs."
	When the door opened Megan was slouching back in the chair, squinting at the strange looking writing on the paper she was holding. Samantha ducked down as a pair of large, uniformed men rushed in.
	Megan, who was caught red-handed, as it were, simply shrugged and smiled at the two, showing little fear or alarm. She held up her glass towards one and cocked an eyebrow inquisitively.
	"I don't suppose you happened to bring any ice with you," she said in her melodious voice.
	She was surprised and angered at the roughness with which the two men yanked her out of the chair, and struggled as they pulled her to the door.
	"Look you bloody wogs I..." 
	Her voice was cut off when one of the men turned and backhanded her, sending her head whipping backwards. Shocked, tears started to come to her eyes from the force of the blow as she was dragged from the room
	The two men hissed to each other in a language she did not understand as they dragged her down the corridor towards the stairs. They forced her down a back stairwell, then down another flight, leading her through dimly lit halls of dank stone and mortar. She had started to realize punishment would be severe for her latest mischief, but hadn't the faintest clue of just how severe that punishment would be.
	For all her belief in her own sophistication Megan really did have a fairly simplistic view of life. No one had ever really punished her for much of anything, nor denied her much of anything. And while she had been aware for quite some years that many people desired her body she had not grasped the thought yet that some would wish to do her actual harm.
	Frightened by the blow she had received, and still tasting blood in her mouth from a slightly cut lip she made no effort to resist as the men dragged her along. Inside her mind she was secure in the belief that as soon as the two goons led her to someone of intelligence, someone with whom she could talk rationally, she would be released, probably with an apology to her for the blow.
	That belief was dealt a severe blow when she was half thrown into a narrow stone cell, and one of the angry men had made a gesture at her, which she simply did not understand.
	Cursing, the two men had grabbed her once again, and to her shock and disbelief, their strong, rough hands had stripped away her dress. She screamed and struggled, but another blow, this time a slap across the face that set her ears ringing had put an end to that.
	The last of her dress was torn free and she stumbled back to fall to the cold stone. One of the men bent over her, hands gripping her stylish thong and yanking it down, her legs jerking into the air as she cried out, then dropping back hard to the floor as the thong slipped over her ankles. Another man squatted above her, hands tugging at her bra, undoing it, then yanking it up and off with force enough to bruise her arms.
	Nude, she had scrambled back into the corner, mortified and shocked, only to have the door slam shut. She blinked her wide blue eyes in the darkness, holding her shaking body, feeling goose bumps rise on her bare skin real fear started to creep over her.
	She hugged her knees, sitting awkwardly on the cold stone, breasts pressed against her legs as she fought back fears of rape and tried to cope with the mortification she felt at being stripped naked by the strange black men.
	In truth, Megan was far from the jaded girl she pretended. She was in many ways a spoiled girl living an easy life. All her life people had smiled and been nice to her. She'd been a very cute little girl, after all, and had grown into a lovely young woman. She had a narrow face with high cheekbones, a thin aristocratic nose, and startlingly bright blue eyes with thick lashes.
	People looked at her face and smiled, or perhaps licked their lips appreciatively. They were invariably nice to her, and she'd grown happily accustomed to it.

	An hour later the door was flung open again, and as the light snapped on and her eyes blinked in its sudden glare the same men had yanked her to her feet and pulled her down the hall.
	Nudity had dealt a terrible blow to her confidence and all she sought to do as the men pulled her along was cover her lush body. When she had been dragged into a larger, brightly lit room and before two more men she had burned with embarrassment as their eyes roamed her body.
	"How dare you do this to me!" she cried. "I'm a British cit..."
	Again a hand cracked across her face, turning her words to a scream of pain. Legs rubbery, her arms were pulled before her and metal shackles slipped over her wrists, then they were raised high and she was lifted off her feet. An instant later her wrists burned as the shackles dug in, and her toes wriggled helplessly an inch from the floor.
	"Wha...what are you...doing?" she cried. "Are you mad?"
	Another slap threw her head back and rocked her back in pain and she burst into tears before the men, horrified by her exposure and the violence directed at her.
	Her willowy body was stretched out, her arms high, back straight and straining. Her full, round breasts jiggled as she shook with sobs.
	"What were you doing in the high commissioner's office?" a thickly accented voice demanded.
	She seized upon the recognizable words with desperate relief.
	"Nothing!" she cried. "All we were doing... I mean..."
	"We? Who is we?"
	"I mean all I was doin..."
	The man cupped her naked breast, and she stopped in shock at his temerity. She stared at him, outraged and humiliated, face burning with shame as he smirked down at her and fingered her nipple.
	He lifted her breast up and then suddenly closed his fingers in hard and twisted savagely. She screamed in pain, her body thrashing wildly. She kicked out at him as agony shot through her sensitive breast and he was forced to jump back, releasing it.
	She sobbed openly as the man barked orders in a foreign language. Two men disappeared while another pulled her legs apart, fitting shackles to her trim ankles and chaining them to points in the floor.
	"Now you will tell me who you work for," the man said.
	"I-I... don't have a job," she sobbed.
	She choked, her head thrown forward as a fist sank into her soft stomach, choked and coughed helplessly, much of the breath knocked out of her by the cruel blow.
	"You will tell me whom you work for and who was with you," he said.
	"I...I...no-nobody," she said in a choked voice.
	His hand seized her breast, still throbbing in pain.
	"No! Please!" she begged.
	He twisted and she screamed, her body jerking and straining at the chains as her breast burned. He watched coolly, released it, and then seized her other breast, pale beside the redness of the first.
	"No! I'll tell!" she screamed.
	He loosened his hand, stroking the soft skin, thumb rubbing idly at her nipple.
	"I...we just came in on a lark!" she gasped. "We just wanted some fun is all. We didn't mean to do anything wrong!"
	"Who is we?"
	"My girlfriend Sam," she exclaimed. "We were just wandering is all, looking for something to do!"
	"And who does this Sam work for?"
	She gaped at him, panting for breath. "Nobody!" she exclaimed. "We were just..."
	His fist tightened on her breast and twisted sadistically.
	She sobbed brokenly as he held her breast, crying out in despair as the pain continued to batter at her mind. 
	He stepped back, saying a word to one of the other men with him. The man moved aside, then handed him a long metal tube with a leather handle at one end.
	"Whom do you work for?" he demanded.
	Megan only sobbed miserably.
	A thin smile lit his face and he raised the end of the tube, sliding it along her pale, trembling body, easing it down along one hip, then, as he moved behind her, pressing it against the back of one knee. His finger depressed a small button and Megan howled madly, shaking and thrashing violently, the chains rattling at her ankles.
	He moved around beside her, raising his hand to comb back the untidy bangs which had fallen over her forehead, stroking the side of her head, then letting his hand ease down her back until his fingers were rubbing gently at the soft cleft between her buttocks.
	"Now you must tell me the truth," he said softly. "I have no wish to cause you pain. You are a very beautiful young lady. It pains me to cause you such distress."
	"But I-I-I aaaam," she cried, voice broken by sobs.
	He raised the end of the metal tube and brought it up to gently touch her below her chin. Her head jerked back explosively and hung there dazedly as her body shuddered and trembled.
	"I admire strength," he said. "But I have my job to do. You will not be able to continue with this, so you would do better to speak the truth now. It will save you much... pain."
	He pressed the tip of the probe against one nipple and again she screamed, her head snapping forward again, her body trembling and shaking.
	Again he combed the hair back from her forehead. This time it was matted against her sweating skin. Her features were drawn and haggard and tears had wetted her cheeks.
	"What is your name?" he asked softly.
	"M-M-Megan," she whimpered.
	"Megan is a pretty name," he said, stroking her hair. "In my country we have better things for pretty girls than making them spy on our neighbours. Pretty women like you are made to give pleasure to men."
	He ran the tube slowly across her body, and then circled her. Her head hung forward loosely and she moaned in confusion and pain, hardly feeling it at first as the tube prodded against her anal opening. 
	Her eyes fluttered and she lifted her head as she felt the cold steel pushing into her, then her mouth dropped open in shocked outrage.
	"Wha...what...don't...!"
	She twisted, trying to pull free, trying to turn away as the thing pushed up into her anus. "Stop it! Stop it!" she cried with increasing desperation and horror. "No!"
	Behind her the man gazed at the metal tube, watching. An inch, then three, then five, then eight inches pushed through the small, round opening. He watched her flesh cling to the steel as it pushed in, watched her perfect buttocks pulling inward against the tube.
	Nine inches, then ten. She was sobbing violently now, her sphincter fighting the intruding tube. He felt the tip hit something up high in her belly, the end of her rectum perhaps. He twisted the tube to one side and her head jerked back as she screamed. He twisted it forward, and then to one side, drawing more screams and sobs.
	He eased it back then thrust up hard, and another inch pushed into the squirming, sobbing young blonde's anus.
	Then his finger pressed down on the trigger.
	Megan's eyes bulged as her head whipped back. Her back arched and her body trembled like a plucked guitar cord. Her scream of agony was a warbling howl, rising and falling with the crackling electricity burning through her bowels.
	Her mind swam, and as the insides of her body churned and twisted something snapped inside her.
	The two men standing to either side grinned at each other, one with an obvious erection. They watched the lovely girl as the man behind her eased up on the button, then pressed it again, eased back, and then pressed again.
	Megan's hips bucked forward franticly, and the blasts of electricity ripped through her belly with unrestrained power.
	She felt warmth seeping through her body, warmth, then and a heat that had every nerve ending spasming and jerking. Her hair seemed to stand on end as the world faded around her. Her flesh felt raw and hot, as if ready to steam.
	And then, with the man behind pumping the tube inside her, stabbing his finger down on the button at the deepest point of each penetration, a massive orgasm tore through her ragged mind and body. Her rectum spasmed against the pumping tube as her back arched again, her insides heaving and roiling in the violent concussion of ecstasy pouring through her veins.
	Bright, sparkling lights flashed before her wide, blue eyes, and then faded slowly as the intensity of the pleasure distracted her body from the simple function of breathing.
	She fainted, chin falling forward on her chest.
	The three men looked on for some seconds, and then exchanged glances. The man behind slid the tube slowly out of her clinging rectum, watching idly as her anus slowly closed behind it. The three spoke softly, and then moved out of the room, closing the metal door behind them.






C h a p t e r    T w o




Samantha hurried out from behind the bar after Megan was taken away. She had heard the slap, and been shocked by it, shocked and angered. She quickly went to the door and watched the two men disappearing down the hall with her best friend; quickly deciding that coming to this particular party had not been one of their brighter ideas.
	She went to the phone to call her father, but a voice spoke in what she presumed was Nigerian when she picked up the phone. She hung up, having little faith in her ability to get through the high commission's switchboard.
	She went to the door again and looked out, then slipped back into the hall. She was wearing a green, knit mini-dress that was tight across her hips, buttocks and breasts, and had little faith in her ability to pass for one of the other guests
	She made her way down the hall to the stairs, and then slipped down them to the main floor. Her attempt to make her way back to the public section of the high commission were frustrated, however. Armed guards stood before the doorway she and Megan had come through, looking around alertly.
	She backed up, moving in the other direction, searching for a way out of the building. She almost bumped into a thin, dark skinned man wearing a black tuxedo, and he held her bare arms to steady her.
	"Excuse me," she gasped in her soft, Scottish brogue. "I'm a touch lost and looking for the way out."
	"The way is in the other direction," he said with narrowed eyes.
	"Ahm, yes but, you see there's a man there'd I'd as soon not meet. I mean, a uh, a very rude man, if you take my meaning," she said. "Is there another way out?"
	He looked at her dubiously, then turned and nodded for her to follow. They went down another corridor, then into a small office, where he closed the door behind her.
	She spun around, alarmed, searching his eyes.
	"You really wish to leave the building without being seen?" he asked with a smug smile.
	"Yes. Please," she gulped.
	"And if I could provide you with this, you would do what for me?" He looked down at his fingernails, inspecting them idly.
	"Uhm, I don't have any money on me and..."
	"Perhaps you could provide some other...service?"
	She swallowed nervously, face starting to darken.
	"Wh-what do you want?" she asked.
	He smiled, then reached forward, cupping her chin, squeezing his hand under her jaw almost painfully tight and drawing her up onto her toes.
	"You have a lovely mouth," he said softly. "With lovely red lips and a lovely pink tongue."
	She pulled at his wrist and jerked away, gasping.
	"What do you want?!" she demanded.
	"I understand that western women perform sexual acts with their beautiful painted lips," he said.
	She gaped at him, her eyes jerking downward as he slowly unzipped his fly.
	She looked past him at the door, thinking of the guards, then of the sound of Meg's voice as someone had struck her.
	His erection was thick and purplish as he held it in his hands. He smiled at her dismay, then ran his tongue across his lip in an obscene fashion.
	"Do you wish me to show you another way out?"
	She nodded tightly, filled with anger and embarrassment.
	"On your knees then, woman," he said contemptuously.
	Samantha drew in a deep breath, then slowly sank to her knees before him. She looked up at him hatefully, then turned her attention to his manhood, intent on softening it as quickly as possible so she could leave.
	She bent forward, then squeamishly licked at it. She opened her lips and engulfed the front of his cock, sucking and licking as he groaned in delight.
	Her saliva moistened it and she slid lower, bobbing her lips now, tongue lapping at the underside of the head in an attempt to bring him off as quickly as possible.
	His hands slipped through her long, curly red hair, then squeezed her head tightly as he began to pump into her mouth. She lifted one hand and closed it around the base of his shaft to keep him from going too far, but he suddenly slapped it away and thrust in deep.
	Her eyes widened and she choked - or tried to, as his thick, uncircumcised cockhead forced its way past the end of her mouth and into her throat. She struggled desperately as he jerked her head forward, emitting a silent scream as he speared her, his cock jamming deep into her gullet.
	Her face was crushed against his pants, and he held her there, his cock filling her throat as she slapped helplessly at his hips and thighs. She heard his laughter through the roaring in her ears, and then he jerked her head back only to yank it forward again.
	He did it again, and again, raping her throat as her arms flailed blindly and her small fists battered at his hips and belly. His hands tore at her hair and she screamed without sound as his thick erection thrust into her again and again.
	Her head ached and her chest burned from lack of oxygen. Her throat was blocked solidly by his thick cock and felt a growing weakness as light dimmed.
	Still he raped her throat, yanking her face into his groin again and again, her nose smashing into his belly as he used her viciously.
	He pulled out at last, and she gulped in air as sweet as sugar, filling her lungs again and again as he held her tightly, her hair wrapped around his fist. He sneered down at her, gripping his spit-wet cock and rubbing it over her lips and cheeks and face as her chest heaved.
	Then he forced himself into her mouth again.
	"No!" she said in a choked voice.
	But it was too late, and again she felt her throat pierced, felt the cock thrusting down its length as her face was pulled in against his groin. He bent her head back further and further, thrusting straight down into her throat now, his hips moving furiously as her fluttering hands moved less and less, then dropped weakly to her sides.
	His powerful fingers pressed in tight against her skull with such force she thought they might break through. Her nose ached as it was rammed repeatedly into his belly and her throat was raw and burning as his hard male organ pumped inside it. 
	He pulled free at last, squeezing his tool as it erupted in spurting wads of creamy white. She hung by the hair, slack jawed, dazed, panting desperately as his seed spattered against her face. Then he flung her back to land heavily on her back, chest rising and falling heavily as he did up his pants.
	"I will show you a way out, English slut," he said, "But I do not think you will enjoy it."
	He walked forward and bent, grabbing a fistful of blazing red hair. She screamed in pain as he yanked her around, straightening as he walked towards the door, dragging her along on the floor by the hair.
	Her hands, which had been grasping her aching throat, reached up desperately, grabbing his wrist and easing much of the pain, yet every time she tried to scramble to her feet he gave a sharp twist, rolling her to one side or the other.
	He dragged her out into the hall, then down the hall a dozen yards to another door. There she was finally able to make it to her feet as he opened the door and flung her through it.
	They were at the top of a staircase, and she screamed as she almost fell down it. She fell forward, grabbing at the rail, halting herself several steps down.
	He trotted down after her, grabbing her hair again, yanking her head back and pulling her from the rail, then forcing her down the stairs before him.
	They emerged in a darkened basement corridor, and had just started along it when another man emerged from a door before them. The two men spoke in a language she did not understand, then the first man reluctantly gave her over to the second, who gripped her arm and pulled her along next to him.
	"L-Look," she cried desperately, "This is all a mistake! Really! I didn't mean anything!"
	He ignored her, his hand like steel around her upper arm as he hurried her along the hall, then into a stone walled, brightly lit room.
	He led her to a heavy table and then fished a pair of heavy metal shackles from within a drawer, to her shock fitting them around her wrists.
	"What are you doing? You don't have to do this! I won't do anything!"
	Her protests were in vain, and as the cold metal closed around her wrists he whirled her about and raised them above her head. She cocked her head back and saw a hook hanging there from a chain fixed to the ceiling. She gaped at it incredulously, then grunted as he lifted her easily, slipping the narrow chain binding her shackles over the hook.
	She was not quite hanging by her wrists. With her high heels she was able to just barely support her weight, even though the shackles dug in hard against her soft skin.
	"Look, call the police!" she exclaimed. "I give up!"
	She thought she heard a scream far off and jerked her head around in terror, wondering what she had gotten herself into and how to get out of it.
	"My father has money!" she said pleadingly. "He'll pay you if you let me go!"
	The man ignored her and left the room, closing the steel door behind with the sound of a vault.
	She looked up at her shackled wrists in disbelief, then around her at the windowless room. She listened for more screams, but nothing came. Her mind tried to convince herself they were just trying to scare her, but remembering the cruelty of the man who had raped her throat was not difficult, especially since it still ached and throbbed painfully. Men such as that were capable of anything.
	The door opened slowly, and three men walked in, one narrow faced, with a goatee, the other two large and blunt featured. 
	The man with the goatee moved in front of her and looked her up and down.
	"You were in the High Commissioner's office," he said.
	"We were only fooling around," she said desperately. "We didn't mean anything!"
	"Whom do you work for?"
	"Work for? I don't work for anyone! I only graduated in June!"
	He looked at her doubtfully, then stroked his hand against her throat. His hand drew back then lifted something from a pocket. An instant later several inches of gleaming, razor sharp blade popped out of the thing and she yelped in fear.
	"We must have truth, you see. It is a sin to lie."
	"I'm not lying!"
	He pressed the blade against her narrow white throat and she held desperately still.
	"We would be most disappointed in having to harm such a pretty woman as yourself," he said softly.
	He slid the knife up slowly, pressing the point under her chin, stinging her so she had to lift her head higher and higher, pulling it back and exposing her throat.
	She grunted as she felt his hand over her breast, felt it sliding back and forth against her soft orb, then down her chest and belly. Yet the sharp prick of the knife held her head far back, so that all she could see was the roof overhead.
	Her face was already flushed from exertion, and now embarrassment and fear fought for supremacy in her swirling mind.
	"What is your name, young woman?" he asked in a pleasant voice.
	“Samantha”,  she whispered between clenched teeth.
	His hand was between her legs now, and she tried to close her thighs tightly as his fingers probed at the crotch of her panties.
	"Such a nice name."
	He pulled the knife back, as well as his hand, and her head eased forward as she blinked her eyes fearfully.
	"Who were you working for?" he asked.
	"I don't have a job!" 
	He pressed the knife against her throat and she whimpered in terror as it pressed in more sharply.
	"Lying will avail you nothing here," he said.
	With that he slashed down hard, and she felt a tearing. Yet it was not her skin, which parted, but the dress, sliced cleanly open from her throat to nearly her abdomen. He smiled thinly and shifted the knife, slicing away the two narrow straps at her shoulders so the entire top of the dress could fall to her hips.
	She felt a moment of terrible relief that he hadn't cut her, then another longer period of terrible humiliation as the three men gazed at her.
	She had worn, for the occasion, a thin underwired bra, a cupless bra which encircled and supported her large breasts, but covered nothing whatever about them. She liked the desire on men's faces as they saw her beautiful breasts thrusting out against the thin, clinging fabric of the dress.
	Of course to the Muslim men such a garment would only be worn by the basest of sluts. English girls were all sluts by their way of thinking, but one wearing a bra such as that placed herself even beneath their low standards. A woman wearing such a thing was beyond contempt, and almost on the border of evil, for she was deliberately tempting men in the most sordid way.
	With angry slices of the knife the bra fell away in pieces, and Samantha whimpered as her big breasts jiggled lightly, falling free. She did not understand the angry epithets the men flung at her but was hideously embarrassed and afraid given their tone.
	The man with the goatee strode angrily to a cupboard and pushed his arm in, then drew out a long, thin, ugly looking black instrument. The handle was faded with use, and from it protruded a dozen or more foot thin, foot-long strips of leather
	He came back to her as she gasped at him, jaw set firmly.
	"Who do you work for, slut?" he demanded.
	"I don't!" she pleaded. "I don't work for anyone! We were just having a little romp! We didn't mean any harm!"
	He moved behind her, and she moaned, jerking her head from side to side as she tried to watch him, eyes flitting over the two grim looking men flanking her.
	She sensed quick movement, then felt a sudden blow against the centre of her back. It was not a heavy blow, but more of a slap, and at first there was no pain. At first. Then flames erupted from her back, sharp daggers of pain slicing across her mind. She screamed in shocked pain, writhing and twisting in horror.
	No sooner had she drawn in breath to replace what she had screamed out when another blow struck, then another, then another, all in slow, terrible, measured determination. She thrashed and twisted, tears spilling from her eyes as the man rained blows across her back, shrieking and begging him to stop as the pain mounted.
	The door opened behind her and a harsh voice spat out a guttural curse. The blows stopped as an angry argument erupted behind her, and Samantha sagged weakly, shaking and sobbing in pain.

	When Hakeem followed the sound of screaming and opened the door he stared in astonishment at the sight in front of him. As if there weren't enough trouble already Haydar Ezekwo had stripped the second English girl to the waist and was laying a flog across her bare back.
	He stood there for a moment, stunned by his idiocy and cursing the chance fate, which had left him out of the building when the two young women were discovered.
	He had just come from the first one, who lay unconscious and nude in the other room, and now he found more of Haydar's stupidity.
	"What are you doing, you imbecile?" he shouted as he stormed into the room.
	Haydar stopped and turned angry eyes on him for a moment before blinking and recovering himself. 
	"I ah, was trying to get information from this spy," he said.
	"Spy?! Spy?!"
	He moved in and around the front of the dazed girl, snarling furiously. "This is a stupid English hooligan! You should have simply thrown the two of them out the front gate!"
	"But they were in the High Commissioner's office," Haydar said in confusion.
	"So what? Do you think we keep anything secret there? Do you think we even have any secrets someone hasn't sold already? You are a fool, thrice a fool! What are we to do with them now? First you strip and abuse the blonde and now this one as well!"
	"I was only seeking information," Haydar said sullenly.
	"You were indulging your perverted lusts!" Hakeem said coldly. "And now you have created a problem for our entire country. We can not let them go now!"
	Haydar shrugged, his eyes tracing a line along the redhead's lush silhouette.
	Hakeem glared. He was a pious man and the crudity of Haydar disgusted him. He also could think of no way to resolve the problem Haydar had caused but to eliminate the two young women and somehow dispose of the bodies. To release them risked a nightmare should they go to the press.
	"I still think they are spies," Haydar said.
	"They are barely old enough to walk! Idiot! Moron! How would they be spies yet?"
	A sudden thought struck him and he smiled faintly. "Go upstairs, find Obo Tunde, and bring him here. And be silent about this!"
	Haydar hurried off and Hakeem fought to regain his temper. As security director of the high commission it was his fault the two had managed to sneak inside. As such, he would take much of the blame for a public relations disaster if anyone found out what had befallen them inside. Nigeria already had enough problems with its reputation as the world's most corrupt country. It didn't need to be known as a place full of perverts who lusted to get their hands on white girls.
	He shook his head angrily. Killing them would still bring the problem of disposing of their bodies, but if he could get them out of the building and out of the country without anyone finding out...
	But he had not that authority. But Tunde did. Obo Tunde was another idiot, but a shrewd idiot with a great deal of money - and thus power. And he had a reputation for perversions, for odd goings-on at his huge estate south of Lagos and lewd parties involving many young and beautiful women.
	It was rumoured among some that not all those young women arrived at Tunde's place voluntarily. Hakeem knew this to be a fact. Tunde had tired of purchasing the favours of willing women and had begun to indulge himself in the "sport" of breaking those who were unwilling.
	If things worked out properly not only would he take the two girls off his hands but would owe him a favour for doing so.
	Tunde arrived, one of his bodyguards behind him and Haydar in the rear. Hakeem watched his eyes light up at the sight of the still sniffling girl, and watched him move around in front of her, his eyes feasting on her lush body.
	"Well, well, well," he said. "Hakeem, you surprise me. I had not known you were a man of such interesting tastes."
	"I'm not, my friend. This one was reluctant to part with information. Unfortunately, Haydar...indulged himself, and she had no information to part with anyway. Now we need to eliminate her unless...."
	"Unless?"
	Tunde lifted the girl's chin and gazed at her blinking green eyes.
	"Well, instead of eliminating her, it occurred to me that a man of your...virility might have a use for such lovely young woman."
	"What man would not?"
	"So I thought, if you could remove her from the country, take her somewhere she could not speak of what was done..."
	"That could be arranged," Tunde said. 
	He pushed his fingers into her mouth, forcing it open and examining her teeth, then pulled his hands back and yanked her dress the rest of the way down. He gripped the thin string of her panties and tore them off, smiling at her coppery red pubic hair.
	"So few of them are real, you know," he said to nobody in particular.
	The girl tried to twist aside, and closed her legs tightly. He smiled down at her patiently, cupping her breasts and rubbing this thumbs against her large nipples.
	She was a breathtaking beauty, with a delicately sculpted, heart-shaped face, green eyes now glassy with tears, and a small, turned up nose, the bridge dotted with freckles. Her hair was a thick mass of flaming red ringlets, which tumbled down wildly, unkempt and tangled from rough use.
	Her body was trim but womanly, busty enough to satisfy even Tunde's taste.
	"Don't touch me!" she gulped fearfully.
	"You think you might make use of this one?"
	"She is English, yes?"
	"So I understand. We found their car parked on the street."
	"Their?"
	"There is a second one I was hoping you would take."
	"And this one is to tempt me while the other one is..."
	"Quite as attractive," Hakeem said.
	Tunde raised his eyebrows and Hakeem motioned to one of his men. The man hurried away, returning a few minutes later with the blonde, now revived, but still dazed.
	"Raise her arms. Let me see her," Tunde said, turning.
	The man with the blonde gripped her wrists and lifted them straight over her head, pinning them together at the wrists with one hand while pushing slightly against her back. The blonde squirmed slightly, turning her face away before Tunde gripped her chin and pulled her face around.
	"Quite lovely," he said. "What is your name, child?" he demanded in English.
	She blinked at him in confusion.
	"Your name!" he repeated.
	"Me...Megan," she whimpered.
	He lowered his hand, looking her body up and down, then opened her mouth as he had the redhead, examining her teeth. He pulled back and let one hand slide up and down her body, feeling the softness of her skin and the lush firmness of her fine young breasts.
	"Yes, I think I can find a place for them," he said.






C h a p t e r   T h r e e



Megan's face was all-but obscured by a large padded blindfold, which covered her eyes, then came down to press against her fine cheekbones. Her pouty lips were spread quite wide, painfully so, in fact, with a huge black ball-gag stuffed between them, forcing them taut. A thick strap attached to the ball gag wound around her head and buckled together in back.
	Painful as the gag might have been Megan had not attempted to remove it. Her graceful arms were behind her back, forced into a tight, leathery sheath, which covered them from the tips of her fingers to well above the elbows. Thick straps were bound around the sheath, pinning her arms together at wrist and elbow in a most uncomfortable manner.
	The sheath narrowed at its bottom into a round leather tube the thickness of a sausage, running down between her lovely buttocks, easing between her thighs, and then pulling up somewhat harshly against her mons. Indeed, it pulled up with sufficient force to push itself between her labia, splitting her open there as it ran up along the length of her sex. Above, it parted just above into two narrow leather cords, which slid up around her hips and tied together with the sheath behind her back.
	Both her long legs were hidden within a sheath similar to the one binding her arms, pulled up high along her thighs to just below her buttocks. Although the sheath was tight, thick straps wound around her just below the buttocks, just above the knees, and at her ankles.
	Aside from all of these Megan was nude, her skin flushed with exertion as she lay in a narrow box in the cargo compartment of the jet.
	In a similar box set beside hers Samantha lay in just as little comfort. Her often rebellious hair had been tamed by a heavy leather hood forced over her head and down over her face. The mask of this hood displayed no features save two small holes below her nostrils. There was an opening over her mouth, but this was entirely covered by a thick strap, which wound around her and buckled behind her head.
	Although it was not visible, the strap had a large ball affixed to its underside, and this ball currently filled Samantha's mouth to overflowing.
	In addition to the strap going horizontally around her head a second strap was affixed to the top of the hood and came down the sides to buckle beneath her chin. Even supposing she were able to open her mouth any further than the ball had already forced it the strap would keep it jammed tightly against the spongy material of the gag.
	Like her friend, Samantha's arms were beneath her, elbows and wrists tightly together. Her entire body, however, had been slipped into a thick, strong leather suit, her legs jammed down into a tight tube with no opening for feet, and the rest of the suit pulled together around her torso, pinning her arms in hard. It had taken two strong men to lace up the suit, and it was so snug that no movement whatever was possible within.
	Both girls were awake and in much discomfort. They were hot and sweating within the canisters, their shoulders and arms ached from being forced back so hard behind them, and cramps rippled through their legs from hours of stiff immobility.
	Terror and outrage had faded slowly since they had been forced into their bondage. It was still there at the back of their minds, but foremost was the desperate desire to be freed from the tight confines of the boxes, to be allowed to move once again.
	Megan strained to hear something, to hear anything. She had never in her life imagined she could be in such a position, and occupied her mind thinking of the horrid things, which would be done to the upstart Nigerians as soon as she was freed and able to contact the police.
	She imagined the thin man who had used the long metal prod on her dying horribly again and again, and tried not to think of what fate her captors intended for her. She dreaded rape, but knew it was almost certain. For years the men and boys had made little secret of their desire for her, and now this man, this black African savage, had her completely at his mercy.
	It surprised her, at first, that the knowledge she would be raped did not have her terrorized. With the abuse she had already received mere rape held little real fear to her. She still shuddered at the memory of the pain, which had lanced through her body when that - thing - had been forced up into her backside.
	Never had she imagined her body could feel such agony. It had not been confined to her rectum, either. Every single part of her body had felt like it was shaking apart as it burned from within.
	What was rape compared to that? 
	She was startled when the floor seemed to jerk and sway, and listened intently for the sound of anything which would preface the return of her captor.
	She heard a sound just above her, then breath was on her cheek as hands gripped her and lifted her to a sitting position. She heard muttered words but did not understand the language, then felt the straps loosened from around her cramped legs. The sheath was yanked down, not without difficulty, and her embarrassment at being nude before strangers gave way to a temporary relief at being able to bend her legs at long last.
	The blindfold was removed and she blinked up at two burly men bent over her. She was sitting in a box, almost a coffin, and as she looked about her and noted the curved roof and small portholes she realized she was not in the high commission any longer. She was on an airplane, and that knowledge sent a chill down her spine.
	Another man moved into view, smiling pleasantly.
	"Megan," he said. "I'm so pleased to see you. We met earlier, if you remember."
	She did, of course. He was perhaps forty, his skin very black, with short black hair and a pencil thin moustache. He was broad-shouldered, with dark, penetrating eyes and a dangerous confidence.
	The two men lifted her to her feet, then carried her over to a heavily upholstered chair and sat her in it.
	"My name is...Tunde," the third man said, sitting before her. "But you may call me...master. You may call me this because your life depends on my good will. Already I have saved your life."
	He paused, almost as if expecting an answer.
	"You were going to be killed, you see, until I offered to take you off my comrade's hands. So now I will provide you with a lovely place to live, wonderful food, and many splendid and interesting entertainments to please and delight you."
	He reached up and cupped one of her breasts, drawing her eyes downwards and making her cringe. "And in return, you will use your body to please me, and anyone I so choose. A small thing, really. You will also show the proper respect and obedience to one high above your position."
	He was so casual about it, so confident. She felt a growing outrage that this man, this absolute pig of a man dared to expect her to go along happily with her kidnapping and rape.
	She forgot her danger momentarily, glaring furiously, refusing to show shame for her nudity or at his touch. She wished the ball gag were removed so she could curse him and tell him exactly what she thought of him.
	"We will soon land in my country, at my private airport. You will, I think, learn to enjoy things here. I am sure you will have a better life than most young women in your country. You will not need to work and will enjoy a life of leisure."
	He motioned to one of the men, and they lifted her to her feet. As soon as she was up she lashed out at him with her right foot. He dodged aside, laughing as the man behind yanked her bodily up and back.
	He smirked at her and said something to the men, who unstrapped the narrow bottom of the sheath fastened behind her. They let the thin leather tube drop and it fell down her abdomen but hung between her pubic lips as the men turned her and forced her to her knees. They pushed her face down against the floor and a hand pulled the strap out from between her pubic lips, baring her to the gaze of the man behind her.
	"I will show you what you were made for, girl," Tunde said.
	She bit down on the ball as his open hand slapped painfully against her raised buttocks, then squirmed in humiliation as he palmed her bare sex, rubbing and squeezing.
	"You western girls have too much pride," he said. "But I know exactly how you secretly desire to be treated. "Your arrogance is merely a pitiful cry for attention."
	She jerked helplessly, twisting against the hold of one of the men who gripped her behind the head. But she could do nothing to resist as she felt the man's cock pushing against her pussy, felt it rubbing up and down there, then pushing forward. 
	She closed her eyes, moaning, fighting not to show her misery as he pushed in deeper. She felt utterly degraded as she knelt there, burning in shame from the eyes of the two male spectators as well as the filthy rapist kneeling behind her. Even hanging by her wrists in the basement she had not felt such humilation, for the pain had easily overwhelmed feelings of embarrassment.
	Now she knelt, her behind sticking up and out, her sex gaping back at the man preparing to rape her, burning in rage and misery as his hands pawed at her body.
	He pulled back, and his finger pushed into her instead, slippery with some kind of lubricant, sliding in and out between her sensitive lips. It felt almost soothing at first, for the hard leather had pulled in cruelly against her there, and his finger was gentle.
	She was not a virgin, of course, for which she was grateful, but she was not nearly as experienced as she and Samantha let out. Neither dared gain a reputation, and neither would lower themselves to sleeping with just any man. So few were worthy of them, after all.
	And it wasn't like sex was such a wonderful thing, after all. It wasn't like the porn movies they giggled at, hardly lasting long enough to be worth undressing for. She braced herself for his stabbing cock as his finger probed within her, wishing he would hurry and finish.
	She felt his slippery finger rubbing down at the base of her slit, just between her legs, then his cock pushed forward, easily spreading her tight labia and sliding within her.
	With her cheek pressed against the carpet she stared at the feet of the man on her right, and the knees of the man holding her down, and felt the cock thrusting through the soft folds of her pussy, burrowing down into her belly.
	She could not see him, but he was big, and thick, filling her and causing the walls of her sex to strain around his shaft as it drove into her body. She shuddered as he filled her and his hips pressed flush against her backside.
	"This is what you were made for," he repeated. "It is what Allah made all women for."
	He ground his hips against her, and Megan felt his cock twisting inside its soft sleeve, shifting within her belly. Her mind burned in anger, mortified, as he began to pump into her while joking in what sounded like French to his friends. He was so damned calm and casual about it that she grew less fearful and more furious.
	He pumped slowly, very slowly, his hands stroking across her backside, then down along her flanks. He filled his hands with her breasts, but squeezed them only gently, fingering her nipples to stiffness.
	The two men moved away from her then, walking back along the cabin and exiting through a narrow door. She felt a deep relief that her degradation was not to be witnessed further, relaxing slightly.
	"You have a lovely body," he said from behind her. "But you know this. You know how soft is your skin, how full your breasts, how slender your legs. You have longed to take men inside you before, to give in to your feelings of lust and arousal and behave like the wanton slut you know exists within you. But never have you dared before. Now you may do so without fear of derision."
	He slid his finger beneath where his cock entered her, rubbing slowly at her clitoris.
	"I know what manner of beast you are," he said. "I know that only the prudishness of your western culture prevents you from enjoying this beautiful body God has provided you with. I shall remove your inhibitions and make of you the trollop you were meant to be."
	He squeezed one of her breasts gently as he pumped, and Megan's fury eased, her humiliation fading.
	Her confusion rose, however. Why was he being so gentle? Why was he moving so slowly? She had had sex with four men and all had moved as fast and furious as they could. None had spoken to her as they had used her body and most had groped at her wildly, almost uncontrollably.
	She felt herself relax, reminding herself that after the pain she had suffered before this simple rape was like nothing. It was not even painful, for his cock was moving easily inside her as his finger rubbed at her clitoris.
	She wondered how many times this would happen, how many times she would be flung down and used like an animal, like a bitch in heat. She felt his cock stroking firmly inside her, his hips slapping against her buttocks and she thought about a life like this, a life of being used by men to satisfy their lust.
	She heard a buzzing sound then, and felt his finger withdraw, felt something hard push up against her there. It vibrated furiously, and she gasped, eyes widening at the sensation.
	Vibrated? She had never actually had one, but she knew of vibrators. She felt it massaging her clitty, rubbing against her sex, and wondered why her rapist was bothering, why he was making any effort on her behalf. Surely he did not intend her to enjoy being raped!
	"You will enjoy your time with me. So long as you obey and serve me properly," Tunde said.
	He pumped faster, one hand rubbing the vibrator against her as the other massaged her breast. It was not the type of rape Megan had expected, and as it continued more of her embarrassment faded. She remained angry, but could not hold to her fury for long. She was even grateful, in a way, at the lack of pain.
	She felt her insides starting to buzz in tune with the vibrator and moaned into the gag. The ache of the torture earlier had not completely blotted out the strange sense of wild sexual heat she had felt just at the end, just before she lost consciousness. She did not wish her body to betray her again.
	Yet she was exhausted. And her young mind had been battered and shocked beyond anything in her experience. The way Tunde was riding her was almost soothing, and the buzzing between her legs was something to distract her, to ease her out of her misery.
	She chewed mindlessly on the ball gag, mind starting to drift as the odd rape continued, as her body began to respond to the vibrator and the steady thrusting of Tunde's cock. She unconsciously began to thrust back, grunting now as the force of the thrusts was doubled, as Tunde's dark hips smacked against her pale white bottom.
	Her eyes fluttered and she moaned, the sexual pressure rising and spreading through her body, making her quiver and tremble as her mind floated atop the rising tide of heat.
	"Yes. You like that, do you not?" Tunde purred. "This is what your body loves. This is what it needs. Only your silly western culture disapproves of it. I shall set you free to enjoy such things, to revel in the thick rod of a man as you were made by God to do."
	Megan hardly heard him, her eyes closed as she humped back against his cock, her insides swirling and twisting in pleasure as she approached a climax.
	She had never achieved climax during intercourse before. Then again none had lasted so long. Nor had any of her lovers used a vibrator on her. She began to jerk back harder and harder, grunting harder as his stiff pole pumped into her.
	Then she came...gloriously, her entire body flaring with wild sexual ecstasy as all her cares, worries and fears were swept away. For long, long seconds she trembled and shook, her insides roiling and burning with the force of the orgasm beating at her mind.
	And in the midst of it Tunde gasped, his fingers tightening around her breast as her spasming pussy sucked on his cock and pulled the hot, steaming sperm down into her, drinking deep as her inner heat roared wildly.
	She slumped dazedly and Tunde slapped her behind lightly then withdrew, going back to his seat. She knelt as she had been placed for almost a full minute, then slumped over onto her side, eyes closed and chest heaving.
	"You will receive much such pleasure in my country," Tunde said proudly. "You will find it so delicious you shall never wish to leave."
	There was a lurch, then the plane landed. After a couple of minutes the two men came back again, and as Tunde rose they lifted her off the floor, then one pulled the leather cord in between her thighs again, yanking it up against her well-used pussy and running the two ends over her hips to snap behind her.
	Then smiling, bowing black women in a uniform opened the door. She stepped back, not even noticing Megan as the two men led her down a flight of stairs after Tunde.
	She blinked her eyes against the bright sunlight, the heat baking her almost at once as her bare feet danced helplessly on the hot tarmac.
	Tall trees surrounded the runway, and the only structures she could see were a ramshackle hangar at the end of the runway and a small wooden building off to their right.
	A large black car roared up and pulled to a halt, a black man getting out and saluting Tunde. Tunde got inside, and the two men who had been on the plane pushed her in with him, then closed the door.
	Tunde pulled her face down over his lap, stroking her upraised bottom as he conversed with the driver in a singsong language. Then the car started forward.
	She saw nothing of the country they passed through, of course. She saw the seat of the car and the roof above as Tunde fondled her behind and breasts and talked about how she needed to devote all her energy to pleasing him and other men, to become a proper servant and show her gratitude for him saving her life.
	Megan, of course, had no intention of doing any such thing. At her first opportunity she would escape and call her father, and then Tunde and his entire miserable country would suffer for their brutal mistreatment of her.
	Finally, after he tired of pawing at her, Tunde undid the strap behind her head and worked the ball gag out of her mouth.
	"There now. I let you speak. Even though women seldom have anything of worth to say."
	The driver laughed loudly and Tunde joined in. Megan simply moaned at the pain in her jaw. She also found that she was absolutely desperate for something to drink. Her mouth and throat were as dry as deserts.
	Meanwhile Tunde unstrapped her arms, then undid the sheath and slowly tugged it down. She cried out anew as her shoulders were released for the first time in hours, tears filling her eyes as she trembled.
	"Ahh, your arms hurt you, do they?" Tunde said, massaging her shoulders lightly. "To be expected. That will go away soon."
	She was free now!
	But Megan was under no illusion about being able to simply open the door of the car and jump out. Still, despite the pain, her continued position across the Nigerian's lap was grating.
	She tried to work her arms, to pull herself forward, but they ached too painfully.
	Tunde continued to massage them with one hand as the other probed at her sex. She felt his finger pushing into her and sliding from side to side and flinched mentally at being so casually used.
	The car halted just as her arms were starting to recover enough to make use of. She dragged herself up to a sitting position, or tried to. Tunde lifted her up onto his lap so she was sitting across it.
	She was able to see out the window, though. They were at a small shack, and a uniformed man carrying a rifle looked in, smiled widely, licking his lips at the sight of her, then stood back and saluted.
	The car passed through a gate and continued on towards an enormous, and quite modern looking building at the end of a paved driveway. She could see no sign of any buildings around it, and decided they were in an isolated part of Nigeria. Her heart sank at that.
	The car halted and several people hurried out of the large house, then lined up before the car as the drive leapt out and opened the rear door. They were black, of course, and it occurred to her that she had not seen a white face since passing through the door of the embassy, or high commission, or whatever it had been. IT felt...strange.
	Tunde slapped her behind lightly, lifting her off him, then got out, grabbing her wrist as he did and pulling her out with him.
	She flushed at the people looking at her, and tried to cover herself with her arms. Tunde would not allow that, however, yanking the hand he had down and ordering her to put the other down or be bound once more.
	She obeyed, fighting the urge to hunch down and bow her head as Tunde led her by the hand through them and up the stairs into the building.
	The inside was at least air-conditioned, and her bare feet padded across cool marble floors as Tunde barked out orders to the servants. Then an enormous Nigerian woman appeared and Tunde spoke rapidly with her before turning to Megan. "This woman will take you and clean you," he said. "She does not speak English. None here do, so do not bother her with your complaints. Do as you are told and I will see you at a later time."
	Then the woman glared at her, seized her wrist, and pulled her down a corridor.





C h a p t e r    F o u r



Tunde watched the girl go thoughtfully, then turned and went back outside, watching as the truck pulled in behind his car. Abaha and Omowumi lifted out the box containing the redheaded girl and carried it into the house, then down a second corridor as he followed behind.
	They went down a narrow staircase, cursing to each other as they manhandled the long narrow box between them, then set it down on the stone floor. They unsealed it and lifted out the leather-covered girl, then looked to Tunde for instructions.
	"Leave the hood. Remove everything else."
	They nodded and quickly removed the bindings and leather covering the redhead. The girl moaned softly but little of it was heard through the gag.
	Tunde licked his lips at her revealed body and the size of her lovely breasts. He longed to take her immediately, but she stank of sweat, and he wanted her mind tuned properly. 
	Having the two of them arrive at the same time had given him the opportunity to experiment. He would see which one could be trained fastest. The blonde would be treated as a child, taught her place and punished when she varied from it. The redhead would be brutalized, terrorized, broken down in the way the North Koreans had once shown him. Then he would fit her mind back together.
	He had no doubt this would work, for he had done it before. But the clinging, simpering slaves it produced left something to be desired, and he was not sure what. Possibly training the blonde without actually destroying her might produce a more interesting playmate.
	The two men stripped the redhead, even removing her ball gag, then stood up silently. He had already told them the girl would hear no voice but his.
	She lay there moaning softly, dehydrated - as he wished - and in pain from the cramps in her limbs. The hood would remain. It was strong, and locked to her head. She had neither the key nor the strength to tear it off.
	He nodded his head and the men carried her to a small room, then left her inside. The door slammed closed and Tunde looked through the observation port, watching the girl rocking from side to side. After a while she reached up to her head, trying to pry loose the hood.
	He smiled at her efforts, watching as she gave up, then started to feel her way around her small prison on hands and knees. He licked his lips at the sight of her heavy breasts dangling below her, wanting to feel them in his hands.
	When she settled back he motioned to Omowumi and the man handed him a long, thin riding crop. He opened the door and stepped inside, and saw the girl staring at him, or trying to. She was huddled in the corner, trying to cover her nudity.
	He moved forward without speaking.
	"Who is it?" she whispered pleadingly. "Please let me go!"
	He reached down and gripped one thin ankle, then yanked brutally hard. The girl screamed as she was lifted bodily out and back from the corner and dumped on her back on the cold stone. She turned and attempted to rise then howled again as his whip met the centre of her bare back.
	She writhed and twisted away, and he followed, bringing the whip down across her shoulders, then her buttocks as she screamed repeatedly and scurried away. She managed to rise to her feet, clawing at the walls, clawing her way around the walls as he followed silently. 
	She reached the door and pulled frantically at the knob, then screamed again as the whip slashed across her back. She dropped to her knees, sobbing, cowering, screaming again as the crop whipped down. She flung herself away, crawling on all fours, and he followed, the crop descending again and again, now on her shoulders, now on her soft buttocks, now on her thighs.
	She leapt up and ran at him, screaming, and he easily dodged aside. She paused, whimpering, swinging her small arms around her as she tried to position him. But he held still, soundless. She turned, swinging an arm out to her right, and he slashed the crop through the air, striking her across both breasts.
	She shrieked, thrown back hard against the wall, grabbing her breasts as she sobbed and curled into a foetal position on the floor. He moved forward and lashed her hip and arms and backside, then gripped a trim ankle, yanking it up, half lifting the slight young woman into the air.
	He slashed the crop down against her red-furred sex and she howled anew, hands instantly cupping herself there as she sobbed violently. He dropped her ankle, letting her lower torso hit the floor hard, then rolled her onto her back with his foot. She shook and trembled, holding her sex and sobbing, then screamed again as he brought the tip of the crop down against her right nipple.
	She brought one arm up across her breasts, sobbing, curling herself up into a ball below him, her whip-marked body shaking.
	He nodded in satisfaction, then turned and left, slamming the door behind.

	Megan clenched her teeth in fury, chest heaving as she tried to catch her breath. She closed her eyes as soap dribbled down from her hair, cursing foully in her mind as the big Nigerian woman continued to bathe her.
	When the woman had led her out of sight of Tunde she had tried to pull her wrist free. She might as well have tried to pull her arm off her shoulder. The woman led her briskly down several hallways, then into a stonewalled room with nothing in it but tubs, basins and laundry hanging on sheets. She yanked her down onto her knees, gripping her hair to position her on all fours above a drain.
	As soon as she let go and moved to a basin Megan sat up on her heels, scowling at her and looking around her, searching out some way to escape. There were windows, but they were barred.
	The woman returned and poured a large basin of icy water over her head. Megan sputtered and cursed, leaping to her feet only to be yanked back down. When she struggled the big woman turned her and smacked her behind, the hand cracking against her wet flesh with the sound of a gunshot and sending a jagged blast of stinging pain into her.
	She swung around and punched the woman full in the face, but it was like punching a tree, and only her fist seemed to be harmed by the impact. The big woman simply frowned, then yanked her over a nearby chair and started slapping her behind.
	It was humiliating and incredibly painful. Megan could hardly believe simply being spanked hurt so much, that the pain could be so sharp, so jagged. Her backside burned and throbbed as she screamed and cursed wildly, her legs kicking desperately as the big hand continued to crack down against her behind.
	Her struggles eased through exhaustion and hopelessness, and her curses finally gave in to helpless sobs as she lay still, her backside on fire under the hard, sharp spanks.
	The woman stopped then and yanked her upright. She shook her roughly as she spat out something in a foreign language, then forced her back down onto all fours once more.
	She poured more water over her, and then as the teenager knelt miserably, knelt beside her and proceeded to soap her up.
	She was washing her like an animal, like a dog, and Megan burned with misery and humilation to be treated so by someone who was so obviously her inferior. The woman had soaped her up everywhere, using big rough hands to scrub her skin, and not hesitating the slightest to slide her fingers between her aching pussy lips and scrub her there.
	She closed both hands around each breast in turn, milking and rubbing at them like she expected them to give milk, then scrubbed her hair and stuffed stubby fingers into her ears to clean them as well.
	When she finished she pulled her to her feet, wringing her hair out, then smacked her bottom, more lightly this time, to indicate she should move over beside a table.
	When Megan saw what was on the table she tried to pull away but the woman snapped at her and gripped her arm, shoving her forward. She lifted a large, thick studded leather collar and fitted it around Megan's slender throat. It clicked closed with a sound of finality.
	Then matching leather bands, each, like the collar, with rings set into their sides, were locked around her wrists and ankles. Her arms were then pulled behind her back and the two around her wrists were clipped together there before the woman led her, still wet and dripping, out of the room.
	She was taken up the hall and into the great marble entry hall she had seen before, then led to a strange little platform set in the centre.
	It was a slightly raised round dais, and at its centre was a narrow metal pole of sorts. As she pulled Megan onto the dais and pressed her against the pole Megan could see it came up to about the level of her belly button, and was rounded at the top.
	The woman called to a man who was passing and he grinned widely then joined them on the dais. Each of the two then gripped one of her arms and one of her thighs and lifted her.
	To her horror she saw they were positioning her sex over the metal tube. She struggled wildly, but by then it was already pressing against the moist hair about her slit, and seconds later her labia were being forced in and straining wide to accommodate the thing as she was impaled upon it.
	They lowered her slowly, and once it was inside her she could not struggle any further. She felt it travelling up her sheath as they lowered her more and more, and whimpered in terror as her insides filled with it, as the walls of her sex strained wide and tight around its hard, unyielding surface.
	"It's...too high!" she gasped.
	Yet still they lowered her, even as she howled against them and tried to clamp her thighs around the tube to keep from going lower.
	The woman spoke and the man turned aside, turning a metal wheel. Megan felt the thing shift slightly inside her, descending. Then her toes were on the floor next to it and the woman gave her behind a final slap before laughing with her friend and disappearing.
	Megan was left on her own in the hall, nude, impaled on the thick pole, toes already starting to ache as she gazed wildly around her. She was not tied there, yet with her legs so straight she could not lift herself up off it.
	There were three corridors, which gave onto the entryway, plus the big main doors. The walls were large white brick, with some paintings of black men who looked like Tunde decorating them. There was little else to see in the hall.
	A man emerged from one of the corridors and halted at the sight of her. He came closer, looking at her with obvious lust in his eyes. She squirmed mentally, turning her eyes away. He said something in a rough voice, then laughed uproariously before turning and walking away.
	She stood there dripping, moaning, and trying to keep from sinking lower on the metal tube. Already it was jammed up against the back of her pussy, grinding against her cervix whenever she relaxed her toes even slightly.
	Another man walked by, looking at her in amusement, then another. A tall, dignified woman passed by and shook her head, making a face, then two serving girls giggled all the way past.
	Her legs were shaking and her toes on fire. She tried to clamp her thighs as tightly around the tube as she could to ease the pressure, but that helped only slightly.
	Then Tunde appeared. She gulped in relief.
	"Please let me down!" she begged him.
	"But you look so lovely there," he said, climbing onto the low dais.
	"It's too high!" she cried.
	He moved behind her and she felt his hand cupping her behind, fingers kneading the soft damp flesh.
	"But it positions your backside to excellent appeal."
	"I can't stand on my toes for much longer!" she sobbed.
	"Well, perhaps I will lower the tube somewhat. What will you do in response."
	The question confused her and she stared at him as he walked around in front of her again.
	"Will you provide me with further pleasure?"
	"Yes!" she cried.
	He smiled. "You must call me master. I tell you this one time. From now on when you fail you will be punished."
	Her mind grated on his arrogance, but the pain against her cervix and in her toes left no room for argument.
	"Yes, master!" she cried.
	He nodded, then gestured to a young woman who was passing by and said something to her. The girl bobbed her head, then giggled and hurried away.
	"You have a lovely body," he said, cupping her breasts and fingering her nipples. "You should be proud to be displayed so."
	"I don't see you up here," she hissed.
	His fingers closed on her nipples, pinching sharply and tugging up and out. She cried out in pain as he stared down at her sternly. 
	"You must not speak so to me," he said. "And you must say master when you address me. Have you forgotten so soon? Must you be beaten before you will show proper respect to the man who has granted you life?"
	"I'm sorry! I'm sorry, master!" she cried, nipples burning.
	"I forgive you," he said, releasing her nipples. "But I will not be so quick the next time."
	He stroked and thumbed her aching nipples, then bent and took one into his mouth, sucking softly.
	"A-Are you going to let me down, master?" she moaned.
	"I will lower the bar...somewhat," he said, filling his mouth with her nipple once again.
	The girl hurried back, handing a small pat of butter to Tunde. He moved behind Megan, and she felt his finger probing at her rectum, cold butter around it. The girl stared up in fascination, and Megan turned her eyes away. She felt Tunde's finger squirming into her with a sensation of mortified hopelessness.
	"Don't!" she begged. "Please don't do it to me there!"
	"But your other opening is filled," he said calmly, his finger probing deeper.
	"Then let me down!" she cried.
	He reached around her and pinched her nipple again, and she yelped in pain.
	"You do not give me instructions, girl," he said.
	"I'm sorry, master! I'm sorry!" she cried.
	He released her nipple, his finger pushing deeper into her rectum and pumping in and out.
	"Please, master!" she begged. "Please let me down so you can use my pussy again!"
	"I will use your pussy again, girl," he said calmly. "I will use your mouth and your breasts, and your fine backside whenever I choose. Your body is no longer yours. It belongs to me. And I shall do with it as I choose."
	"Nooo," she sobbed as his finger pulled back.
	The girl continued to watch, eyes big and fascinated as Tunde pressed himself against her. She could do nothing, and with her raised on her shaky toes her bottom was perfectly positioned for his entry.
	She felt his stiff erection pressing up against her, sliding between her buttocks. He nudged her legs apart and she screamed in pain as the bar jammed up against her cervix with intense pressure.
	"Stop it! Bastard! Fucking bastard!" she screamed.
	He muttered and pulled himself back, then said something to the girl, who darted away again.
	"You must learn not to speak so to your master," he said.
	"It...It huuurrtt," she whimpered, her legs close together once again.
	He moved around in front of her, glaring at her. "It is not so high inside you as that," he snapped. 
	He backed up slightly and bent to look at the bar, then straightened. "Just under one foot. So little and already you complain? If a man possessed an organ so long you would beg him to push it into your love hole."
	The girl returned, carrying a thin switch, and Tunde took it from her, then moved behind Megan.
	"You may not speak to me with disrespect," he said.
	With that there was a swish of air and then the switch smacked against her backside with a sharp, stinging pain.
	She yelped and jerked forward, only to be instantly brought up short by the post impaling her.	
	Again the switch bit into her raised buttocks, and again, and again. She yelled and sobbed and begged him to stop, but it availed her not.
	"Please!" she cried. "I'm sorry! I'm sorry, master! Please forgive me, master!"
	"I shall forgive you for you are but an ignorant girl. But I shall still punish you, for you must learn."
	The switch continued to slash down across her rapidly burning buttocks as the girl looked on, giggling. Her behind had only just gotten over the spanking the black woman had given it, and the switch landed with stinging pain on her already red and bruised flesh.
	She thought she would scream and go mad from the constant pain, the constant stabbing ache that she could do nothing to alleviate. Tears trickled down her cheeks as the blows continued, and she hung her head, shamed and miserable.
	Tunde finished, rubbed at her bottom, then tossed the stick to the girl and pushed himself against her again. This time she made no protest when he entered her, gritting her teeth against the agony she felt inside her as he pushed her legs apart.
	He talked to the girl again, and she moved forward, turning the low wheel at the edge of the dais. Megan felt the pressure on her cervix easing, then disappearing. Tunde forced her legs wider, then, so the pressure resumed, but it was such a light pressure she felt a surge of deep, wonderful relief.
	Nothing, she decided, felt so marvellous as a pain finally ending.
	Tunde was fully inside her now, her sphincter muscle being too distracted by the pain in her pussy to worry about the stiff cock pushing up into her rectum. He ground his loins into her soft backside and reached around her, fingering her nipples and squeezing her breasts.
	"So soft and warm and tight inside," he sighed. "Meant for a man's penis."
	She no longer cared. Her outrage was gone. The relief was total. Her feet still throbbed somewhat, but being finally able to take the pressure off her toes was so glorious she just laid her head back against Tunde's shoulder and moaned softly.
	He chuckled, licking and kissing the nape of her neck, sucking lightly as his hands continued to squeeze and massage her breasts.
	Tunde barked a command to the girl, and she giggled again, then climbed onto the dais in front of her. She dropped to her knees, and then to Megan's dazed shock, leaned in and began to lick at her sex just above where the pole impaled her.
	She felt the small pink tongue lapping at her clitoris and gaped down at the girl, wanting to yell at her, to scream at her to stop, to get away. Yet she knew it was pointless, that the girl would not obey her even if she understood her. And that Tunde would probably punish her again.
	Yet she felt a deep shame and discomfort as the girl's mouth lapped against her. And then Tunde started pumping his stiff organ inside her anus, using slow, deep strokes as his hands squeezed her breasts together.
	The girl continued to lick, and Megan closed her eyes, moaning softly, trying to pretend it was all a dream, a nightmare.
	Her body, on the other hand, was quite pleased. The release of the pain followed by the soft lapping of the girl's tongue at her clitoris and Tunde's soft kneading and squeezing of her breasts was igniting the sexual fires within her.
	She cursed them, willing them back, but her mind and body were both too battered, and after some few minutes of struggling gave in, letting the sexual heat ripple through her spine, setting her breasts to throbbing as her pussy squeezed joyfully down around the steel post within.
	And her rectum, as well, she realized. She had never been sodomized before, except, of course, for the man who had used the electric prod on her at the high commission. It was a strange sensation, but not really unpleasant. And combined with the soft tongue licking at her clitoris was pushing her body deeper and deeper into a soft, luxurious sexual languor.
	Her climax was even more powerful than it had been on the airplane, and her legs trembled as her body sought to thrust itself on the post. She drew her legs in somewhat, so she could bend them, rising and falling on the post, moaning and panting for breath as she rode it with growing desperation.
	And all the while Tunde's cock pumped inside her rectum and the girl continued to lap at her clitoris.
	Tunde bit into the side of her throat, growling like an animal as he pumped his seed up into her anus. Then he groaned and relaxed, letting himself soften before pulling back. He sent the girl on her way, then spread Megan's legs wide and chained them down so she could not close them.
	"I will leave you on display the rest of the day," he said. 	"You will soon grow to lose this shame in having your naked flesh seen by others."
	Then he was gone, and she was alone again.




C h a p t e r    F i v e 



Tunde opened the door and slammed it behind him. The girl gasped and cowered away.
	"Hello, my dear," he said. "Your name is Samantha, I understand? That's quite a pretty name."
	She was starting to gulp in air, panting in terror as he moved forward. He spoke soothingly as he dropped to a crouch.
	"I won't hurt you, girl. In fact, I have some water. Would you like some water?"
	She had been there for a full day. He knew she was dehydrated enough by then her body would be craving water like a drug addict needing her fix.
	"Wa...ter?" she said in a hoarse croak.
	"Yes, water. Would you like some?"
	She nodded her head blindly.
	"Say please, master."
	"P-Please, ma-aster," she croaked.
	"Come here. Crawl to me," he said.
	She moved forward slowly and fearfully, crawling on all fours. She halted, jerking back in alarm at his touch, but he only stroked her shoulder as he held his fingers to her lips. She licked at them, found them wet and pulled them into her mouth, her dry tongue lapping eagerly.
	He smirked, pulling his fingers out. He dipped them in the bowl of water he had brought, then let her lick and suck at them again repeatedly.
	"As long as you obey," he said, stressing the word, "you will be treated well by me. But you must obey."
	He let her drink water from the palm of his hand several times, stroking her head as he did. He opened his pants and took out his cock, then dropped it into the water. He lifted it wet to the girl's mouth, and she licked at it just as eagerly as she had his hands.
	He pushed it into her mouth, letting her suck on it, pulling it out to dip it in water several times, letting her suck thirstily.
	"Would you like a bowl of water?" he asked.
	"Yes!" she gasped.
	"You did not say yes master!" he said in an enraged voice.
	His hand lashed out and cracked into the side of her face, throwing her up and back onto her back. He picked her up roughly, flinging her against one of the cold walls, lifting her wrists and shackling them to up above her head.
	"Please! Please! I'm sorry! I'm sorry!" she sobbed. "I'm sorry, master!"
	The square brick set into the wall jutted out just behind her almost a full foot, serving to push out her chest invitingly.
	"Master? Master?" she whimpered.
	Tunde picked up the flog and lashed it down across her breasts. She screamed brokenly, writhing and shaking in despair. Again and again he lashed her breasts and belly and thighs as she shrieked and tore at the shackles, begging for his forgiveness.
	With most of the front of her body covered in narrow criss-crossing red lines, he halted, then went forward and gripped her right ankle. He lifted it up high and back, shackling it to the wall next to her wrist. He lifted her left ankle as well, chaining it next to her left wrist.
	With her groin so vulnerably exposed he resumed his whipping, and watched in excitement as her body thrashed and shook, watched and felt the many thongs biting into her exposed sex.
	He halted, watching her sobbing and moaning with a wonderful sense of power gripping him. He moved forward, pulling his trousers down, fingers groping harshly at her breasts and sex. He entered her roughly, savagely raping her as she wept and moaned. He used her as brutally as he could, slamming his hips into her raised buttocks, using his organ like a spear to thrust deep into her body, slapping and pawing at her breasts as he bit into her throat.
	When he was spent he backed up and picked up a large wooden peg, a phallic shaped wooden dildo. He pressed it against her, watching her squirm, feeling the resistance in her body to the thick intruder. 
	Yet he forced it in deeper and deeper, ignoring her sobs and stammered appeals for mercy. He jammed it in until it felt like it had hit bottom, then slapped his palms against the base, drawing a howl of pain from her with each brutal thrust, slapping at it until the thing was buried in the girl's belly.
	"Master!" he shouted at her. "Master! Never forget it! Never!"
	"Maaasssteeer," she sobbed brokenly.
	He turned and left her, feeling quite satisfied, and wondering how the blonde was doing. He had left her on the pole overnight. No doubt she was quite exhausted by this time. Exhausted minds were easily modified.
	He found her still in place, head down. She raised it as he stepped onto the dais, groaning, eyes fluttering.
	"Please, master. Please let me down," she moaned.
	"Are you ashamed of your body?"
	"No...master," she whispered.
	He unclipped her ankle restraints from the chains holding them, then lifted her off the pole. He hugged her comfortingly, then put his arm over her shoulder as he led her down off the dais.
	"Come, my young friend. I will show you my palace."
	"I...just...want to sleep," she groaned.
	"Later. If you are good I will let you sleep later."
	He produced a leash, like the kind she had seen used on small dogs, and snapped it to the ring set against her collar, then he pushed her down onto her knees.
	"You will crawl, keeping close beside me," he said with a smile.
	"C-crawl?" She stared at him in astonishment.
	"Yes. Crawl."
	"But... why?"
	His open hand cracked against her face and she cried out, flung back onto her back.
	"Again you forget to address me as master," he snapped. "I grow impatient!"
	"I'm sorry, master!" she blurted. "I'm sorry, master! Please forgive me, master!"
	"Be warned, girl. If you do not learn you will be punished."
	"I'll learn, master!" she promised desperately.
	"We shall see how well you learn from your knees."
	He picked up the leash and she leaned forward, coming down on all fours, then crawling behind him as he led her from the room. She was grateful to find that, aside from the entry hall most of the corridors were thickly carpeted. Still, her knees ached as she struggled to keep up with him, and she blushed darkly whenever they passed a servant.
	At least at first. After a while she found herself not caring, which, though she didn't realize it, was the idea.
	He led her through the many rooms of the building, showing her his bowling alley, his indoor swimming pool, his gymnasium, his library and billiards room, his dining rooms. He brought her into the kitchen and had her kneel there while one of the cooks made something, a plate with many small pieces of meat.
	Then he fed them to her, having her eat them out of his hand. She was surprised at how starved she was and wolfed them down gratefully, not caring at all that she was on her knees eating them out of his hand, not caring that she was nude in front of the cook and his assistants.
	Then it was time for a bath, a bath for both of them this time. He led her into his private chambers, and into an enormous marble bathtub filled with warm soapy water. He removed her leather restraints, and her collar, and eased her into the hot water, sitting down beside her with his arm across her shoulder.
	He spoke softly about his vast estate, and all his holdings and business interested. He also assured her that she would find life as his slave quite pleasurable.
	The food had revived her somewhat, but she found it hard to wrap her mind around the concept that she was a slave. He hadn't used the word before, even though he had ordered her to call him master.
	A sex slave is what you are, her mind told her.
	The words flared brightly within her for an instant before fading. She wasn't quite sure what to make of them. A slave? The idea was quaint but she could hardly accept the concept existed. All she knew of slaves were the blacks that worked the cotton fields in the United States a century ago.
	A sex slave now, that was something familiar. At least the concept was familiar. For she and Sam had giggled over some of the personal ads, and some of the erotic stories and pictures they'd found on the computer. She had even dared to dream about what it would be like, chained naked and owned by a man, and forced to do his sexual bidding.
	Was that what she was? Her mind focused on that with growing astonishment as Tunde continued to speak.
	Then he stood up, pulling her to her feet and handing her a bar of soap.
	"Come. Clean me," he ordered.
	She stared at him in surprise and confusion.
	"I...don't know what to do...master," she said.
	"Clean me," he ordered.
	She looked at the soap, then at his glistening black skin. After a moment she pressed her hands against him and he nodded encouragingly. She began to soap up his powerful chest, her hand following the soap, stroking up and down and back and forth.
	He smiled benignly and she continued, reaching up and scrubbing at his shoulders. He turned and she scrubbed up his back. She hesitated at his buttocks, but he ordered her to continue, and she lowered her hands, blushing uncomfortably as she scrubbed them up hurriedly, dropping to her knees to soap up his legs down to where they entered the water.
	He lifted one foot and put it in her lap, and she scrubbed it up, bending over it as her hands rubbed back and forth. He pulled it back and put his other foot forward, and she soaped that up as well.
	"You've forgotten one area," he said.
	She bit her lip, then raised her head and looked at his cock. She took a deep breath, then began to soap up his groin, her hand scrubbing softly, lest she anger him, squeezing his cock and testicles and rubbing at the.
	She was not surprised when he started to harden, but was surprised when he lifted her to her feet, took the soap, and began to scrub her body. He was gentler than the woman who had cleaned her the previous day, and spent considerably more time massaging her breasts and sliding his fingers up and down her pussy crack.
	Her insides started to churn, and she swallowed nervously as he smiled down. She smiled back tentatively, and he put down the soap, then to her surprise hugged her against him. Her breasts flattened against his chest and he tilted her head back and kissed her.
	She blinked her eyes rapidly as his tongue drove into her mouth, but offered no resistance, even kissing back after a few seconds - again - lest she anger him by not responding.
	His hands slid down her back and squeezed her behind as they kissed, then he pulled back and lowered himself into the water once more, pulling her down with him. He rinsed them both off, then led her out of the tub.
	He gave her a large fluffy towel to use on him and she dried him, then let him dry her before taking his hand and letting him lead her into an enormous bedroom with a huge four-poster bed.
	He pulled her into the bed and rolled atop her as she spread her legs, his lips moving softly against her, his hands caressing her body slowly and expertly.
	Her breathing grew harsher, and she helplessly thrust herself against him, panting for breath as her insides begged to feel him.
	When he entered her she groaned in pleasure, wrapping her arms and legs around him, crushing her lips against him as he thrust in again and again.
	She knew a moment of amazement that she was responding so brazenly, that she was grunting like a whore instead of trying to claw his eyes out. Then she gave herself fully to the heat he had raised within her body. She cried out as she climaxed, bucking desperately against his prong as he rode her through it.
	He kissed her, and he pulled her in snugly against him, his arms around her as she groaned in comfort.
	"You will find being my slave has its pleasures," he said.
	"But...will I be able to tell my parents?" she said softly.
	He flung her away from him and she gasped in alarm as he rose up over her.
	"I'm sorry!" she cried.
	"Stupid whore!" he snarled.
	He sat back on his heels, grabbing her and jerked her towards him as though she were a rag doll, pulling her up across his thighs to raise her behind, then spanking her thoroughly, turning her behind a bright red and making her sob in pain.
	He slowed his hand, then stopped, stroking her behind as she whimpered.
	"I'm sorry, master."
	"You must learn not to anger me, slut," he said, using the insult almost as though it were a pet name. "You are my slave. I own you. You must forget your former life."
	His hand stroked her behind as he talked, then slid between her thighs, expertly caressing her clitoris.
	She let her thighs ease apart, gulping weakly, relieved to feel his hand distracted. Her behind throbbed with pain and she was glad to feel the softer touch between her legs.
	"You are a creature of sex," he said in a low, hypnotic voice. "Your body was made to give pleasure, both to men and to yourself. You will only be fulfilled when living as you were made by God."
	His fingers dipped inside her, two thrusting in to the knuckles and pumping slowly in and out.
	"You have no other point in life now but to obey me, to please me and those I order you to please. You will only be happy by pleasing others."
	Her clitoris swelled beneath his touch, and she let her legs shift further apart, her lower body starting to heat up once again. His voice was low and hypnotic, and she was startled when his other hand cracked down on her behind again.
	"But you must not think about your other life!" he said, raising his voice. 
	His hand cracked down again, and she yelped, but almost at once his thumb began to stroke against her clitty, and the pleasure rolled up her body.
	He let his hand slide up and down her spine, then move beneath to squeeze one of her breasts. Then he slapped at her behind again, giving her several hard, quick spanks as his fingers pumped inside her.
	Exhausted and confused, her body was wrenched back and forth between sharp little pains and soft, glittering pleasure. Yet the pain, though it stung, was fleeting, the pleasure constant. And as the heat inside her grew the little spanks began to have less and less an effect on it.
	Megan began to grind her pelvis, rolling her hips and raising her buttocks, legs splayed as his fingers thrust into her. She was gasping and moaning, rubbing her breasts against the bed beneath her as her insides crackled with sexual electricity.
	"Naughty girl," he said, his hand cracking down on her red behind.
	She moaned, yet the pain mattered little. The sharp little burst of sensation actually made her squirm in pleasure, her nervous system too attuned to sexual desire to interpret it any other way.
	"Are you a bad girl?" he demanded, rubbing at her sopping little pussy entrance.
	"Yes!' she panted. "Yes, master! I'm a bad girl!"
	"You need to be spanked, don't you, naughty girl?"
	"Yes, master!" she groaned. "Spank me, master! I'm a naughty girl!"
	And she was! She felt like a wild, wanton whore! She knew she should not be enjoying herself, knew she should not feel pleasure, yet the pleasure was too wonderful to resist.
	A sex slave! She was a sex slave! She basked in the thought, in the lewdness of what it meant. Her mind swam as her insides spun and churned. She thought of the way she used to tease the men and boys, how she would get them hard, only to giggle and hurry away.
	What a game that had been! And now this. Now she was a sex toy for this filthy African's use. 
	His hand cracked down again and the heat bloomed within her, then as she began to buck up in the beginnings of orgasm he pulled his fingers out of her and his open hand struck against her sex. The sudden flashing pain struck her mind like a dagger, yet the pleasure was too powerful, and could not be pierced.
	Again his hand struck her, and again, as he spanked her dripping sex, and her mind dissolved as she cried out in ecstasy. She bucked back against him, jerking and shaking as his hand beat her sex, as the blasts of sensation hurled themselves against the need inside her and sent her climax soaring higher and higher.
	"Oh! Oh! Yes! Yes!" she cried. "Yes! Master! Master!" she cried, driving herself back sluttishly.
	"Slut!" he said. "Whore!"
	His hand spanked against her sex and she sobbed in pleasure, head thrashing as the raw, carnal sex fever held it tightly in its thrall. The pleasure seemed to go on forever, her chest tight from lack of breath, her guts aching from the spasms that continued to tear at her vitals.
	His hand stopped spanking and two, three, then four fingers thrust brutally deep inside her.
	She tumbled out of the climax and then up into another, screaming and bucking, her buttocks rising against him as he resumed his spanking, her insides squeezing down around his fingers as he pumped them brutally hard inside her.
	Finally she collapsed, breathlessly gulping in air. He eased his movements with a thin smile, withdrawing his fingers from inside her abused sex, stroking her head and hair as she recovered.
	"Yes. You will make a fine little slave," he said. "I can see you will be pleased to give pleasure to many, many men."
	"Yesss," she whispered, eyes glassy as she trembled. "Yes, master."





C h a p t e r   S i x



He stared at the redheaded girl. She still hung from the walls, limply, as though unconscious. He knew better.
	Slamming the door made her head rise, even if she could see nothing.
	He would see if she had learned anything. Regardless, she would be punished. She would continue to be punished until every touch, which did not cause her pain, made her limp with relief.
	"It is I, Samantha," he said. "Would you like some water?"
	"Yes, master!" she whimpered dazedly.
	He walked over to her and put his fingers into her mouth. She suckled and licked desperately. He dipped them into the bowl he had carried and let her continue to lick, pushing his fingers deep into her mouth, prodding at the insides of her cheeks, stroking her tongue and almost gagging her as he thrust them deep.
	He pulled them back and reached for her groin. Her pubic lips were still straining wide around the thick wooden club he'd stuffed into her. Her vaginal sheath too dry, and the club too thick and rough for it to have been expelled. He pushed his fingers in against the base, working them down to get a grip as she sobbed and moaned in pain.
	Then he caught at it and slowly tugged it back and out of her body. Her hole gaped wide behind it, as though the muscles had been numbed, and he gazed down into her, seeing the smooth pink walls of her sex before turning to her ankles and undoing the shackles.
	"Thank you, master," she whimpered.
	He smiled as he eased her legs down, then ran his hand across her still aching body. She hissed, but did not protest. He unshackled her wrists and she sank quickly to her knees, groaning in relief and holding her aching arms against her body.
	"Do you know that you are a slave now, Samantha? Do you know that your body is mine to do with as I choose?"
	"Y-Yes, master," she whispered automatically.
	"I shall call you...dog. Do you like that name?"
	"Yes, master," she whispered.
	"Very well, Dog. I have a bowl of water here. You may drink out of it - as a dog does. You are not to use your hands. You have no hands. You have only paws. Do you understand?"
	"Yes, master!" Her voice trembled and she licked her lips as she raised her head, looking around for water.
	He put the bowl before her, then guided her mouth down to her. She swallowed quickly, licking and sucking the bowl dry.
	"Would you like some food, dog?" he asked.
	"Yes, master!" 
	"Then you will perform some tricks for me and I will reward you by giving you food."
	"Yes, master," she said uncertainly.
	"First you will kneel on all fours. Spread your knees and raise your bottom."
	She knelt as directed, trembling slightly.
	"Raise your head," he ordered, walking slowly around her.
	"Better," he said. "This is the position you were designed to take. This is the position of the bitch in heat who is ready to be mounted, displaying her sex for the male that he might thrust himself into her."
	By then Samantha did not care if he raped her. All she cared about was that the pain end, the terror end. She had thought she knew what would happen to her, but never had she imagined such
brutality could ever be applied to her.
	The man continued to talk to her, his voice low and hypnotic, seeming to move in circles around her.
	"Crawl to me, dog," she heard.
	She crawled towards the sound of his voice, stopping as she ran into his hand.
	"Now I want you to kneel before me. The command for this is kneel."
	She looked up in confusion, since she was already kneeling.
	"Kneel as a dog would," he ordered. "As a dog would beg."
	He pulled her upright on her knees, straightening her.
	"Like so," he said. "Now display yourself."
	Again she did nothing, not knowing what he wanted.
	"Display yourself is another command you must learn, Dog. When given this command you will place your hands behind your neck and arch your back. You will also spread your legs apart. Now, display yourself."
	She arched her back, hands behind her, and shifted her knees apart on the floor.
	"Very good. Good dog," he said, hand stroking the top of her hood. "Another command is Heels. When given this command you will sit back on your heels, spread your knees wide, and put your hands on your thighs. You will at all times keep your back straight and head up."
	He gave the command and again she obeyed. She had no pride now, only a terrible fear of pain. She crawled forward at his order, not knowing where they were going, nor caring.
	Then he pushed her to her belly and had her crawl slowly across the stone floor to him. She moaned as her sore breasts were ground against the stone, but again obeyed - without thinking.
	"Good dog!" he said, patting her head.
	"Now I want you to clean my shoes. They are filthy with dust."
	She raised her head in confusion.
	"With your tongue, dog."
	Samantha felt for his feet, then hesitated only briefly before bending and licking out at his right boot. She could taste the grit on it, but didn't care. She lapped again and again, wanting to please him, wanting him to be happy with her so there would be no further pain.

	Tunde stood above her, looking down at her pale white body with satisfaction, watching her buttocks quiver as she wriggled below him on the floor.
	"Good dog," he said. "I will give you something to eat now."
	As he had with Megan he fed her bits of meat with his fingers, letting her lick them clean. Then he unlocked the hood around her head and gently peeled it up and free. Beneath were two small pads, which had been placed over her eyes due to the length of time she would be hooded. He left them in place, and replaced the hood with a blindfold.
	Her hair was filthy, of course, but that mattered little yet. Her pride, such as she still held, would not be helped by cleaning her yet.
	"If you are a good dog I will remove the blindfold later," he said.
	"Th-thank you, master," she said.
	"Are you feeling better, dog." 
	She hesitated. "Yes, master."
	"Good. Good. I want you to do something for me, dog."
	"Yes, master," she said softly.
	"I know that you English girls are sluts, that you are consumed with thoughts of sex. I know that you are constantly abusing yourself when you cannot find a man to thrust his phallus into your body. I wish to observe you as you abuse yourself."
	She had no apparent idea what he was talking about.
	"Now, dog," he said curtly.
	"I-I don't understand, master," she said.
	"I wish to watch you masturbate," he said.
	Her jaw dropped, the word appearing to shock her.
	"My friends here are also interested in watching a sluttish English girl masturbate," he said. "Put on a good show for us."
	She continued to stare uncertainly.
	"Now, slut!" he snapped.
	"I...ye-yes, master," she gulped.
	Her hands moved down towards her groin, fingers trembling slightly. They moved awkwardly against her thighs, then fumbled at her breasts. 
	"You are not pleasing us, dog," he said. "Caress your body, squeeze your breasts, thrust your fingers into your pussy hole. I wish to hear your screams of pleasure as you masturbate."
	Her hands moved more quickly, but with just as much awkwardness and uncertainty, and she whimpered softly as she pressed her finger against her aching pussy, gasping in pain as she slowly eased it inside.
	His hand gripped her hair and yanked her head back without warning. "You are not making us happy, dog!" he snapped.
	"I'm sorry, master!" she cried.
	"Your apology does nothing for me, dog."
	He dragged her across the room by the hair as she sobbed and cried in pain, grabbing at his wrists to ease the pull on her scalp. He turned her next to one of his pet devices, backing her against it, then forced her onto her belly on the floor.
	The device was simple. It consisted of an upright wood bar set into the frame. At the top of the bar was a horizontal bar. A shackle was affixed to each end of the horizontal bar. 
	He pulled her hands together in back of her, then, with strong but thin cord, carefully bound each finger to its mate on the other hand, each cord he used to accomplish the task much longer than necessary.
	With that achieved he gripped one ankle and lifted her foot up high, snapping the ankle into one of the heavy, padded shackle set on the bar. Her other leg hung loose, and she whimpered as her face lay pressed into the floor. He pulled her other ankle up and back, snapping that into the second shackle.
	Then he gathered together the five long cords with which he had bound her fingers together, braiding them into one. He pulled the braided cord up and back towards the main upright bar, forcing her arms back and then, as she screamed in pain, lifting her body off the floor.
	Her body began to bow back, her groin pressing firmly against the upright bar as he tied the braided cords into a ring set there. 	She continued to howl in pain from the pressure on her fingers, and indeed, before long, the pressure would undoubtedly dislocate them.
	But Tunde wanted no real damage to fall on what would be one of his prize pets. He moved to her head and gathered up her long, loose, dirty hair, pulling it together at the top of her head and loosely braiding it. He then tied a stronger cord into her hair and lifted. 
	Much of the weight was taken from her fingers, yet she seemed less then grateful, shrieking anew as her scalp was pulled, as her head was forced up and back by the cord's pull. He hummed to himself as he stepped back to examine her, then smiled at a new insight.
	The girl's large breasts hung down below her body and he bent to squeeze and knead the firm flesh. Then he moved to another corner of the room and came back with a pair of round metal balls. Each was attached to a tiny chain by a clip. The clip at the other end of each chain was empty.
	But soon to be filled. He bent and squeezed one of her breasts hard, forcing the nipple to stand out. He opened the tight little alligator clip and let its sharp teeth slide around the nipple, then released it.
	Her screams reached a new level of resonance and he chuckled as he moved to her other side and attached the second clip. He bent then and put his hand over her mouth, briefly muffling her cries.
	"I will return for you tomorrow," he said. "If you have learned to be more cooperative perhaps then you will not be punished."
	"Noooo!!" she screamed. "Please! I'll do anything! Please, master!"
	He climbed the stairs loudly, then closed the door at the top before returning silently to stand and watch. She stopped screaming eventually, and sobbed in piteous misery for some time after. She gasped, moaned and whimpered every time a small movement caused additional pain to fall on head, fingers or nipples, but was otherwise silent as he stole up behind her.
	He gazed at her two small feet, each of them tightly held by the shackles around her ankles. The soles looked incredibly soft.
	He picked up the small crop and ran it through his fingers, then without warning, slashed it down against the middle of her right foot.
	She gasped, then shrieked horribly, the sound making him wince even as he grinned in delight. Again he brought the crop down on that foot, then again, aiming for the soles, then the heels, then the pads before giving the toes a sound thrashing. Her foot was a bright, painful red before he paused.
	He made no sound as the girl's shrill agony filled the room, and when he paused he stepped back to watch as her gut-wrenching sobs slowly trailed off to whimpers.
	Then he moved around again and brought the crop down on her other foot, repeating his methodical beating as she went made with pain and jerked violently against the frame.
	This time as he put the crop down he picked up a large metal cylinder, It was phallic shaped, yet at it's base were thick threads, as for a screw. He pressed it against the round hole set into the upright base and it slid through easily, coming out the other side and pressing against the sobbing girl's opening.
	When the screws met the hole it stopped, and he had to twist it slowly to force each additional inch through the post, and thence into the body of the sobbing teenager on the other side.
	When it was firmly imbedded in her belly he attached a thick wire to the contact at the base of the metal screw, then turned on the machine it was attached to.
	The electricity which passed down the tube was small, at first, just barely enough to make her skin tingle. He turned it up slowly, to where she started a new cry of misery, then turned it down again.
	He truly left her then, going silently back up the stairs. He did have other business to attend to, after all, and could not spend all his time with his new toys.






C h a p t e r    S e v e n



The pain seemed all encompassing, and Samantha sobbed hopelessly. She had no idea where she was, or who the man who abused her was, or even why he was doing it. Never in her life had she imagined such pain could exist, nor the men who would choose to inflict it on her.
	The throbbing in her head was a constant, yet so long as she did not move the pain of her scalp was tolerable, if barely. Her nipples stung, but that was nothing but a brief distraction. Her fingers felt like they were being pulled out of their sockets, but that too was nothing. It was her feet that were on fire, that ached and throbbed to the point where she had lost control of herself several times and thrashed violently against her bonds, despite the added pain this had brought.
	Under those circumstances she hardly cared about the thick hard object, which had been jammed into her pussy. It was not as thick as the one, which had been pushed into her earlier anyway, and though it seemed to buzz inside her the pain overwhelmed the sensation.
	Had it really been only a day since her capture, since she and Megan had giggled about what fun they would have with the silly people at the party?
	Her mind drifted lightly as the pain eased further, becoming a harsh background to her every shuddering breath. She was exhausted from being under extreme physical and mental stress for so long, and utterly bewildered by it all.
	Her life had been soft, and comfortable, and she had no experience, which could relate to her present circumstances, nor reason to understand why it was occurring.
	The buzzing within her seemed to grow in proportion to the pain, and she focused her attention on it a time or two, then dismissed it from consideration. That it did not hurt was all that mattered. Nothing that didn't cause her pain mattered.
	She had been hurting for so long now.
	Her mind drifted further, and she was startled to suddenly find that her lower body was awash in strange sensations. She felt a creeping desire in her, and her pussy seemed to be throbbing around the thick pipe pushed into it.
	She would have laughed had she not bee in such misery. How her body could be aroused was beyond her abilities to reckon. How she could even think about sex was astonishing.
	Not that being naked constantly before a man should not give rise to such thoughts. She had been awaiting rape since they had first hung her by her wrists and stripped her to the waist. Yet it hadn't happened.
	She had been forced to please them orally, but only...only things had been pushed into her pussy. Given the many boys and men who had been so desperate over the years to get their cocks in between her slender thighs she could not understand why her captor was choosing to hurt her instead. And at this point she would have joyously welcomed simple rape.
	The thing inside her seemed to be buzzing, and she decided that was what was causing her arousal. At first she thought to resist it, but then, as Megan had before her, she welcomed it as a distraction from her pain and misery.
	As it grew it seemed to shut out more and more of the pain, and she focused all her attention on it, welcome the soothing sensation it brought her distressed mind. She winced slightly as she instinctively rolled her hips against the bar and the things hanging from her nipples swung. Yet even that did not seem to hurt much. Indeed, the pinching of her nipples almost seemed to add to the pleasure.
	She shook her body again slightly, experimenting, and moaned anew as her nipples were tugged and jerked. She felt the heat growing within her, and jerked slightly, moaning again, then again, the sexual pressure building up inside her body and mind, pushing aside the pain and misery.
	She closed her eyes behind the blindfold, grunting softly as she squeezed down around the thing, her body quivering as the sexual fever seemed to take hold of her. 
	The orgasm hit, setting her trembling and helplessly writhing, the additional pain from scalp, fingers, and nipples like tiny starburst of light amidst the growing bonfire between her legs.
	Then it was gone, and she was left as she was, pain singing out its song again as she whimpered in misery. She tried to focus her attention on her groin, and her mind played out sexual fantasies in a desperate attempt to bring back the pleasure.
	At first she felt nothing, but slowly it returned. She seized the first hints of it like a drowning man grasping at straws, pulling it into her mind and rocking her hips against the post, once again raising the pleasure as a shield against the pain.

	"You look lovely," Tunde said, smiling his approval.
	Megan blushed happily, feeling a trifle awkward in the old-fashioned Victorian dress. It was heavy and white, with an ankle-length skirt and a high neck that pressed against the underside of her chin. Her hair was done up stylishly, as well, and it felt quite odd to be clothed after so long going without.
	"Come with me. I am to visit a few of the chiefs of the local villages."
	He took her arm and led her out of the palace and into his air-conditioned car. Megan looked around as the car drove off the grounds and down a dirt road.
	"Is that an elephant?" she asked in surprise, pointing.
	"It is indeed," he said.
	"It's quite beautiful."
	"So are you," he said, smiling benignly.
	The car turned down what was little more than a trail, bouncing roughly through deep potholes and ruts. 
	"They haven't heard of paving the roads?" she grumbled.
	"Most people around here walk," Tunde said. "They have little need of paved roads."

	The car came out from amidst the trees and Megan looked around her to see a large African village. It was almost like the ones she'd seen on television, with small huts made of wood and straw, and hordes of small black children running alongside the car.
	"Why are we here?" she asked.
	"The man I am to see is an important chief. We have...business together."
	The car halted and the driver hurried around to open the door. Tunde got out, holding his hand in to help Megan follow. The heat was oppressive, and the village smelled, but she looked around in fascination as she followed Tunde up to where a group of men stood near a large wooden shack.
	Tunde spoke with them, but she didn't know what was being said. The men looked at her with interest, and she smiled in a friendly fashion, looking around a trifle nervously. A number of villagers had turned out to see Tunde's car, and were gathered in a large semi-circle, keeping their distance.
	The men before Tunde laughed in amusement, and one made a gesture Megan thought was directed towards her.
	Tunde turned to her then.
	"You see this man," he said, gesturing to the one who had spoken.
	She nodded.
	"You will kneel before him and take his manhood into your mouth. Please him."
	Megan blinked in surprise, then as her mind recognized what he had told her she felt a shock roll through her. She looked around her and then at the smiling men before turning her gaze back to Tunde's eyes, which were no hard and unyielding. She felt suddenly breathless.
	"Remember the post which was too high?" he asked. "I could put you back on it, and this time keep it high for the night you sit atop it. Do you wish this?"
	"N-No," she whispered.
	"Then obey me. At once."
	"Y-Yes... M-Master," she gulped.
	Her face red, she shuffled forward, dropping her eyes from the men’s' gaze, then slowly easing down to her knees in front of the man Tunde had gestured to. She burned with shame as half the village looked on, then reached for his groin.
	He snickered, pulling his trousers open and taking out a long black cock. He said something and the others laughed again as she bent forward, hesitated briefly, then slipped her lips around him.
	As with Tunde he was uncircumcised. She licked at his cock, sliding her lips lower and lower as his hands went to her head. His fingers pulled at her hair, which began to come apart from its careful styling, and he began to thrust forward, using her mouth.
	She tried to ignore the watching villagers, but could not miss hearing the snickering comments of the men standing nearby. Somehow not knowing what they were saying was worse. She was quite certain their comments were crude.
	Her lips bobbed up and down on the man's cock as the others looked on, then it exploded, filling her mouth with a hot, salty liquid, which she quickly swallowed.
	She eased back, then got shakily to her feet.
	"Take off your dress," Tunde ordered.
	She looked at him, startled, then looked down at her feet. A moment later she reached back behind her and unfastened the dress, then eased it forward over her shoulders. She lowered it, baring her breasts, then pushed it down over her hips and stepped out of it to stand nude in front of the men.
	Tunde spoke to them again, then reached up behind her head, fingers pulling at her hair, forcing her head back and chest out. She grunted in pain, then felt his hand slide up her chest, stroking over one of her round breasts.
	"Get down on all fours," Tunde said, releasing her hair.
	Again she burned in embarrassment. She had thought being nude and penetrated by that tube in Tunde's central hall would have sheltered her from any blows to her pride. But apparently it had not. The people there all expected such things, after all. None had shown the slightest surprise at finding her in the hall as she was.
	But this was a real village, with real people in it, and she was being degraded before them in a way calculated to show Tunde's mastery of her.
	She obeyed, nevertheless, swallowing repeatedly as she knelt on all fours, displaying her buttocks and sex to the men standing at behind her and trying not to look at what seemed scores of villagers watching curiously from a few dozen yards back.
	Tunde moved behind her and dropped to his knees. His hands moved over her body, stroking her skin and cupping and squeezing her breasts. Then he entered her, roughly thrusting himself deep. She grunted from the deep penetration, then her body began to jerk in time to his hard, steady thrusting.
	Her hair, already half undone, fell around her face, mercifully hiding the sight of those watching. She concentrated on the dirt below her hands as Tunde's heavy hips slammed repeatedly into her backside and his thick cock thrust deep into her sheath.
	Tunde's hand moved up and gripped her hair, yanking her head up and back, and she cried out briefly, eyes caught by the watchers before her.
	She hated Tunde then for humiliating her. Had he done her this way in his palace before his servants she would not have been bothered. But out here, out among ordinary, people, simple villagers, she felt more degraded and humiliated than she ever had before, and wished only to bury her face in the dirt.
	Tunde picked up the pace behind her, thrusting harder, his cock spearing her painfully. Then he halted with a grunt of pleasure.
	Megan knew a few moments of relief, but they were to be short-lived. As soon as Tunde rose another took his place, then another, then another. Five men besides Tunde made use of her there in the centre of the village. And all the time the villagers watched, some speaking to each other quietly, others laughing and giggling.
	She was sweating heavily, of course, her skin slick with perspiration as the men continued to use her, as their hands roamed her body freely, squeezing and pinching and caressing her in the most intimate places. Their hard organs continued to rut into her as she knelt, dully wondering how she had come to this.
	When it was done Tunde snapped a collar around her throat, attached a leash, then merrily walked through the village, apparently given a tour by one of the village elders. Megan was forced to crawl along nude on all fours like a dog. Women laughed at her and children giggled. Men looked at her bared buttocks and the soft furry mound between her legs, or at her soft, pale breasts swinging back and forth beneath her as she crawled.
	It felt like hours before Tunde led her back to his car and had her crawl inside and sit on the floor as he got in beside her. He waved behind at the village, shouting jovially as the car pulled away, then turned and glared at Megan.
	"You have angered me," he said. "You did not show your pleasure in being mounted by my friends and myself. I expected you to be pleased by being rode so well by such fine men."
	She wiped the sweat out of her eyes and glowered back at him.
	"You didn't tell me you were going to...to treat me like an animal," she accused.
	"I do not need to tell you anything, slut!" he growled. "You are mine to do with as I choose. Perhaps I have been too soft on you. Perhaps you need more of the treatment your friend has been receiving!"
	"I'm sorry," Megan said, dropping her eyes. "I didn't mean to...to disappoint you. I've never been...naked and...well...in public..."
	"You are shy still? Perhaps you do need more time on the pole."
	"It isn't that!" she exclaimed. "It's just different out in public among, well, those villagers."
	"Perhaps what you need is a few weeks living with villagers then," he said, eyes narrowing. "Perhaps that would cure you of this pride you have."
	"Is Samantha all right?" she asked.
	"The redhead? Of course she is all right. I do not damage my property."
	"Could I...see her?"
	He snorted, then smiled. "Perhaps that would be a good thing," he said. "But first we have another village to visit.
	He did not dress her again. When they arrived at the next village he held the leash and she had to crawl out of the car on all fours once again. This time the village's important men were seated and Tunde had her fellate each of them there before kneeling on all fours and being mounted by him once again.
	As before, a crowd of villagers watched, and as before she hated Tunde for subjecting her to such humiliation.
	Afterwards they returned to the palace, and Tunde brought her to the shower room where she had to bathe him, then herself, of the sweat they had picked up in the villages. He let her feet him grapes and strawberries after that, then led her down a stairway into a kind of stone basement.
	Her jaw dropped open at the sight of Samantha, and she looked at Tunde in fear. At the same time she felt the oddest little tinge of dark excitement inside her lower belly. Samantha had obviously been mistreated, yet looked so...so hot there as she hung by her wrists.

	There were long dark lines across her breasts and belly, across her abdomen and thighs. She was blindfolded, her hair matted, her body obviously unwashed.
	Her arms and legs were chained far apart, her body straining between them. She had been pierced at ears, nose, nipples and clitoris, and large gold rings were embedded in her body. Now strong elastic cords pulled those rings tightly, the nipples pulled straight forward with sufficient strength to turn her rounded breasts into thick cones. Her earrings were pulled to either side as well as back, forcing her head back. The ring in her nose was being pulled upwards and forward, while the one tugging on the ring through her clitoris pulled down and back.
	Her whip-marked body was fully displayed then, to Tunde's fond, and Megan's horrified - and fascinated gaze.
	"It is me, Dog," he said, cupping one of her straining breasts and stroking it. 
	"Master," she whispered.
	"Do you love me, little dog?" he asked, his hand sliding down her straining belly to finger the ring pulling at her clit.
	"Yes," she whispered.
	He smiled. 
	"I have brought a friend to visit you, dog. Say hello to her."
	"H-Hello," Samantha croaked.
	"Oh my God!" Megan whispered.
	"You remember your friend Megan? Megan has been very much enjoying my company. Haven't you, Megan?"
	"Yes, master!" Megan gulped.
	"Do you think your little friend here looks beautiful, Megan?"
	"Y-Yes, master," Megan said.
	"I will have you pierced as she is later. These rings look so lovely, do they not?"
	Megan nodded and agreed. She was frightened, on the one hand, at what treatment Samantha had undergone, and yet...and yet there was something darkly sensual about the thought of being hung by one's wrist like a...like a sex slave...and tortured.
	"Would you like to see again, little dog?"
	"Y-yes, master," Samantha moaned.
	"She has been blindfolded since that day at the high commission," Tunde said. "She has seen nothing since then. Perhaps I will keep her like this forever."
	He laughed then, and smirked down at Megan.
	"Do you think she could make a good little slave, Megan?"
	"I...yes, master," Megan said shakily.
	"Then you will train her for me."
	"Me?"
	"Yes. And you will be responsible for her behaviour. If she misbehaves, you will be punished."
	"But I..."
	"You will clean her, and teach her how she must act. Walk her around the palace and give her to any man who desires her. Teach her that modesty is not a condition she is permitted to retain. You may beat her if you feel she deserves it.
	Megan gaped at him as he reached forward and unhooked the cords from the rings. Samantha groaned in relief as the pressure was finally released from the rings set into her flesh, and Megan licked her lips in sympathy. She watched him remove the blindfold, then two small cotton pads beneath.
	Samantha blinked and squinted against the first light she had seen in days. In the beginning she could see nothing through the tears filling her eyes. 
	She stared at Megan, who stared back.
	Then Tunde unlocked the chains from her ankle restraints, and moments later lowered her to the ground. He fastened a collar around her throat and handed the leash to Megan, who stared at it in fascination.
	"Remember, you must teach her. If you fail you will be beaten. Now take her and prepare her. I will make use of her later, and she must be lustful and properly appreciative.
	"Uhm, yes, master," Megan said. 
	"Come on, Sam," she whispered, tugging at the leash.
	Samantha crawled forward without complaint, and Megan led her to the bottom of the stairs, then, as Tunde looked on, led her upstairs.
	"Are you okay?" she whispered as she walked her down the hall.
	"I...hurt," Megan groaned.
	"God, you look like you do. What did he do to you? You're all over bruises!"
	"He...hurt me," she whispered.
	Megan led her into the apartment where she and Tunde resided, then, not knowing what else to do, led her into the huge bathroom and ran a bath for her.
	"You can uhm, stand up when he's not around, I think."
	"I can't. My feet hurt too badly," Samantha groaned.
	"Your feet?"
	"He whipped my feet."
	That wasn't something Megan had ever even imagined, and she stared at her friend in shock.
	"Can I have some water please?"
	"Uh...sure."
	She ran the water and let her drink down a glass, then a second one. She had her climb into the tub then, but Samantha's backside was too bruised, and she didn't want to sit. That meant Megan had to wash her in much the way she herself had been washed that first time. She was considerably more gentle, of course, even as she tried to get from Sam what exactly Tunde had done to her.
	As the story emerged she again found that strange dark excitement, faintly wishing somehow that she could have witnessed it, or perhaps even have it done to her. She felt guilt over that, for Samantha had been treated horribly. She also hated Tunde for hurting her friend. All of this confused her greatly.
	She also felt strange soaping up Sam's breasts. Sam was still dazed and half out of it, so showed no particular objection. But Megan couldn't help notice how big and soft they were, and think of how Tunde would paw and grope them later that day.
	She fingered the little gold rings, thinking how sexy they looked there, then ran her hand over Sam's bare behind, soaping it up, then letting her hand ease between her thighs and rub against her pussy. She fought the urge to slide her fingers into her friend's sex as had been done to her, and contented herself then with rinsing her off, then gently brushing her hair as she dried it. 
	Samantha hugged her and Megan awkwardly patted her back, exceedingly aware of the soft warmth of her friend's big breasts as they pressed in against her own soft, naked mammaries.
	She led her out of the room, Samantha crawling along beside her, then up into the big bed she herself slept in.
	"I just want to...sleep," Samantha whispered.
	"You can't. Tunde's is going to do you later and he wants you to be ready for him."
	Samantha shuddered and closed her eyes.
	"It's not that bad, really. I mean, he's actually quite good a cocksman, far better than anyone I've ever had before.
	Samantha opened her eyes and stared at her.
	"Well...I mean, it's not like I want him to, of course," Megan said awkwardly.
	"He's a rapist, Meg," Samantha said.
	"Well...I know," she said, squirming a little, "But it doesn't do any good to scream and cry and call him names. I mean, all that brings is a beating, right? So you might as well, you know, grin and bear it. Anyway, you don't have any choice."
	"Bastard," Samantha sighed, closing her eyes again.
	"You can't call him names. You have to make like a proper little tart or he'll give you what for.
	All Samantha wanted to do was sleep, however, so Megan had to give up on her for then. She decided Tunde wasn't likely to do anything with Sam until much later anyway.
	





C h a p t e r    E i g h t



That assumption turned out to be incorrect. Just after dinner Tunde summoned her, glaring balefully down at Sam, who sat miserably in the middle of the bed.
	"Did I not order you to teach this dog what was needful?" he demanded.
	"Well... yes, Master," Megan said, "But she was too tired."
	"Too tired? Do you think you can defy my orders with such trivial excuses?
	"No, master!" she gulped.
	"Come with me, and bring the dog," he snapped.
	Megan glared at Sam, then snatched up her leash and hurriedly followed Tunde down the hall and into another room. She hesitated there, then obediently walked forward, letting go of the leash as Tunde bent her a strangely shaped padded bench. It was composed of two angled sides, which rose to a peak, that she must bend her belly across and lay herself down. Her buttocks were thus raised high and vulnerably as her wrists and ankles were parted and strapped down.
	She swallowed nervously as she looked at Sam, who was ordered to kneel off to one side and watch. She looked in the other direction and saw Tunde opening a cupboard, bringing out a long wooden cane. She felt her buttocks tighten, and moaned softly as he came around behind her.
	"You have been a very bad little girl."
	"I'm sorry, master," she whined.
	She felt his hand slide over her buttocks, then in between her thighs to rub against her sex. A moment later she heard a buzzing and felt something nudging against her opening. She was surprised, and quite pleased to realize he was using a vibrator on her. Anything that didn't cause pain was always welcome.
	He worked the vibrator deep, then began to slowly pump it in and out as he fingered her clit. She felt embarrassed, at first, because of Sam watching. She knew, however, that Tunde had made use of Sam's plush body, as well, and her embarrassment gradually faded as he continued to work her over.
	She felt her pussy moistening around the vibrator, felt hot little rushes of heat as his fingers stroked and rubbed at her clitty. He plunged the vibrator deep and left it there, then moved back a pace.
	The snap of the cane had made her squeal, the sharpness of the stinging pain backing her away from the soft languor of sexual pleasure.
	"Nasty little trollop," he said, his hand plunging between her thighs and fingering her clitoris once again. "A slut such as you was made to be used by many men, to crawl on all fours presenting her sex to any who wish use of it."
	The pleasure grew again, and he began to pump the vibrator. She closed her eyes and moaned.
	His hand smacked down against her bottom, then again, each time making her squeal even as he continued to pump the vibrator inside her.
	He raised her pleasure higher and higher, and she was hardly even aware of Sam's eyes on her now as she gasped for breath and lewdly rolled her hips.
	Again the cane lashed out, and again a sharp blast of pain tore though the fog of pleasure gripping her mind. A second blast followed, and a third, pulling her back from an approaching climax, filling her eyes with tears.
	Again he halted, stroking and caressing her body, pulling the vibrator free to stroke the head directly along her clitoris, then thrusting it home again. And as she started to pant in excitement he lifted up the cane once more and again began to slash it across her backside.
	But as the pleasure grew to envelope her mind and body it was harder and harder for him to pull her back from the edge, and the sharp, stinging blows from the cane began to have the opposite effect, began to make her groin shiver and jerk in hot, oozing pleasure.
	He fingered her clitoris and she cried out in pleasure, but then he reached for the vibrator, sliding it slowly back up and out of her steaming pussy.
	"Please, master!" she gasped. "Please, master!"
	"Please what, little slut?" he asked in amusement.
	He slipped a finger into her rectum, then curled it under to pull up against her tailbone.
	"Please," she gasped mindlessly.
	He laughed, then pulled the finger free, pressing the vibrator against her rectum. She groaned as he slowly forced it down inside her, filling her with its quivering hardness. Then she felt a second one pushed against her pussy, and cried out in joy as she recognized the feel of master's own cock.
	"Yes! Yes! Oh yes!" she moaned as he thrust into her.
	Samantha was watching with wary astonishment. Each blow of the cane made her cringe in sympathy and fear. Yet Megan's cries of pleasure confused and amazed her. At first she thought the blonde was merely putting on a show. Yet the glistening wetness of the vibrator whenever Tunde yanked it free of her pussy gave the lie to that.
	She felt embarrassed for her friend, and embarrassed for herself for witnessing the lewdness of Tunde's use of her. She watched him enter her, watched him thrust his dark black penis home in Megan's soft, tight opening, and heard her friend's groan of elation as he began to ride her. It was simply too obvious that Megan was thoroughly enjoying her own raping.
	Tunde slid his hand along her back, then along her sides, sliding under to grip Megan's breasts tightly as he pumped, and all Megan did was grunt and groan in delight.
	He reached down, gripping her long hair, yanking her head up and back in a way Sam knew was quite painful. Yet she did not object. She continued to grunt and moan as his hips slammed brutally against her buttocks and his erection pounded in and out of her soaking sheath.
	Megan turned her head, jaw slack as her body jerked to the pumping of Tunde's body. She met Samantha's wide eyes, and felt a soft shyness slide over her, but then the orgasm rose around her like the funnel of a tornado, and even as he tugged cruelly at her hair it began to close in. He twisted her breast then drew his hand back and began slapping at it, making the soft, rounded mammary jiggle and jerk, turning the flesh red with pain.
	She screamed as the climax ripped into her, her body thrashing wildly, her insides blazing with a wildfire ecstasy that burned through her nervous system. Convulsions racked her body as the orgasm rose to greater and greater heights. Her breast bounced and jerked under his continued slapping and her scalp ached as he tugged back again and again, but how else was a sex slave to be treated.
	Sex slave, she thought dazedly. Sex slave. Sex slave. A raped sex slave!
	And the climax rolled on as she gripped it and held it to her, rejoiced in its freedom and the howling pleasure it brought.
	Only when the orgasm finally faded, and Tunde, the man she thought of more and more as simply - Master - withdrew, his seed filling her rectum, did the throbbing pain of her caned behind begin to seem unpleasant. Yet it had been worth it, and she groaned, sated.
	He moved around in front of her, gripping her hair and yanking her head up, holding his cock before her mouth to be cleaned. She licked at it and took it into her mouth, sucking and licking as he held her hair.
	He pulled out, then used her hair to dry him before doing up his pants. He gave her wounded buttocks a squeeze, then looked at Samantha, who quickly dropped her eyes.
	"I will not be so gentle next time, slave," he said. "You must teach this dog how to act properly around her betters."
	"I...I will, master," Megan groaned.
	Her nodded and left the room.
	Megan was silent then, catching her breath and regaining her energy. Samantha looked at her warily, not moving.
	"U-Untie me," she groaned at last.
	"I uhm, don't know if I should. Won't he be mad?"
	"No. He's finished for now. Come and unlock these."
	Samantha bit her lip, then dropped onto all fours and crawled over beside her. She reached in and unstrapped the blonde, then scuttled back a little as Megan stood up, rubbing her sore behind and wincing at the sight of her red breast.
	"I hate it when he slaps my boobs," she said.
	"You should try feeling it when he whips them," Samantha said.
	"Yeah, I guess."
	"Were you really...I mean was that an act?"
	"You mean did I really come? Yeah, I did."
	The two looked at each other and Megan shrugged, slightly embarrassed. "I can't help it," she said. 
	She reached back behind her then and slowly pulled the vibrator out of her rectum, turning it off.
	"Are you some kind of slut now, or what?" Samantha demanded.
	Megan flushed. "Well, maybe I am. But isn't it better to be a slut and enjoy being poled instead of screaming and crying about it?"
	Samantha made a face.
	"And don't forget I got caned because of you, Sam. If you'd just show a little enthusiasm..."
	"For having him rape me?"
	"Yes! Don't tell me you've never played up to a guy before because I've seen you. You just have to pretend you like him, that's all. You have to be all eager and happy to get his cock in you."
	She rubbed her behind again, then smirked. "And speaking of that, he did tell me to walk you around and give you to whoever wanted you."
	Samantha blinked, then gasped as Megan picked up her leash.
	"You're not going to do it, are you?"
	"I don't have a choice. You heard him tell me to."
	"But...but..."
	"I don't intend to get whipped, Sam, even if you seem to like it so much."
	"I don't like it!"
	"Well, you sure looked like it when you were downstairs."
	"I didn't enjoy one minute of it!" Sam exclaimed, embarrassed now as she recalled the orgasms she'd felt while locked against that vibrator.	
	"Well anyway, you're going to have to get used to people seeing you naked and having sex with them, so come on."
	She tugged on the leash, and Sam reluctantly followed as she led her out of the room, then out into the hall. She cringed back the first time a servant came by, trying to hide her bare breasts and pussy with her hands.
	"You can't do that. Master wi...I mean, Tunde will beat you."
	"But I'm naked!"
	"So am I, and you don't see me hiding."
	"Slut," Sam muttered.
	Megan glared, then yanked on the leash, forcing her to crawl along until the next servant came by, where she again halted and crouched against the wall. Megan muttered a curse under her breath, then led her back into the central hall and up to the dais she herself had been placed on when she'd first arrived.
	"How are your feet?" she asked.
	"Sore. I told you."
	"You can't even stand on them?"
	"Well...it's been a couple of days but if I walk on them for more than a couple of minutes they hurt."
	"Maybe just standing on them won't be too bad," she said thoughtfully. "Stand up for a bit."
	"I thought Tunde said I had to crawl."
	"You're not going anywhere."
	Sam stood up slowly, wincing a little as she tested her weight on her feet. "It's not as bad as it was," she said.
	"Good. Here, give me these." She moved behind her and pulled her wrists back behind her back.
	"What are you doing?"
	The restraints clicked together, and Meg nodded to herself, her arms going around her friend as she pulled her backwards.
	"Meg?"
	Megan felt the top of the pole against her own backside and moved around it, then pulled Samantha back further. 
	"What...what are you...Meg!"
	She gripped the blonde's middle and grunted as she jerked her up off her feet. Fortunately, the pole had been lowered somewhat, and was still glistening with the oil placed on it for her a few days previously. She lined up the squirming redhead's pussy and lowered her slowly, letting her weight force her down onto the rounded post.
	"Meg! What are you doing! Owww!" Samantha cried.
	"Don't squirm so much and it'll go in easier.
	"Are you crazy?!"
	Her pussy lips spread wider and wider, then with a sharp, stinging sensation, pulled just that bit much wider to admit the shining metal post. It slid up into her body and she gasped and stopped squirming as Megan released her and let her stand there on her toes.
	"There," she said. "That's where I was put the first day, you see, to get used to being seen naked by strangers."
	"Get me off!"
	"I can't. You have to get used to being seen naked. It's either this or I get a switch or something and beat you whenever you try and cover yourself.
	"You filthy bitch!"
	"It's for your own good," Megan said. "Do you want Master to beat you?"
	Samantha twisted from side to side, trying to pull herself off the post, but it was firmly lodged inside her. She glowered at the blonde, then slowly, her toes aching, lowered herself until her feet were flat on the dais.
	Megan bent over and examined the post, then straightened with a sniff. "God, you've only got six inches in you. I had almost a foot, and then Maste...I mean Tunde came up and did me in the bum."
	A man walked by and Samantha squirmed, turning her red face away as he examined the two of them.
	"You'll get used to it before long."
	"I don't want to get used to it!" Samantha cried, tears filling her eyes.
	Megan hugged her, again feeling a hot, moist heaviness as their breasts squeezed together. "It won't be so bad," she said, stroking her back. "You'll see."
	"I want to go home," Samantha whimpered.
	"Me too, but we can't yet, and don't even say that to him unless you want to get whipped."
	She stepped back and looked down at the redhead's groin. "Not so bad now, is it?"
	"I feel so full."
	"You get used to it. It can even feel kind of...nice."
	"It doesn't."

	"Well, he had this black girl lick me down there when I was on it."
	"Oh ick!"
	"It wasn't so...bad."
	"I suppose you came then too?"
	Megan shrugged helplessly.
	"You are turning into a randy slut."
	"Well so will you, believe me. It's a lot better than being beat up."
	She stepped back, then dropped off the dais.
	"Where are you going?" Samantha gasped.
	"I have to leave you alone for a bit, so you get over your shyness."
	"Don't!"
	"I have to."
	"You rotten cow!"
	Megan waved and walked off down one of the halls, leaving her alone there. She turned beet red as another man walked by, stopped, and then licked his lips at her.






C h a p t e r     N i n e


More than a dozen people had passed by before Megan returned and let her down. She was still upset with her and refused to talk to her as she crawled along next to her.
	They returned to Megan's room and Megan tried to teach her the things she needed to know in order to please Tunde: how to wash him, how to lick his feet and suck on his toes, how to set his clothes aside in the mornings, and most importantly, the kinds of positions Tunde liked to take his women in.
	"I'm not going to do any of that," Samantha said, sulking.
	"You have to or he'll get mad."
	"Yes, but he'll only beat you," Samantha said.
	"Then I'll beat you, you little slut!"
	"Look who's calling who a slut!"
	"Just listen while I..."
	"No! I want to get out of here!"
	"There is no way out! We're in the middle of Africa!"
	"So find some clothes and some water and we'll run away."
	"You can hardly even stand up and you want to walk across Africa? Boy, you're stupid."
	"Not as stupid as you, you cow!"
	"Oh no?"
	She jerked the kneeling girl forward and then pulled her wrists behind her back.
	"What are you doing?! Let me go!"
	Megan clipped her wrist restraints together behind her back then began to spank her as Samantha cursed and writhed.
	It was then that Tunde came into the room, which shut both of them up instantly.
	"What is going on here?"
	"I was uh, punishing her, master," Megan said.
	"Indeed. For what?"
	"She was calling me names. And she wouldn't listen to me."
	"Well, we can't have you two fighting, can we," Tunde said with a smile. "Release her."
	Megan undid Samantha's restraints and the redhead rose to her knees, glaring at her.
	"You two are good friends, no?"
	Samantha snorted disdainfully.
	"I want you to make love," Tunde said.
	Both of them stared at him in shock.
	"Make love together. I hear many western women do this thing."
Megan and Samantha looked at each other, then at Tunde.
	"But...we uh..."
	"Now!" he snapped. 
	Samantha's defiance had evaporated the moment Tunde appeared, and her lower lip now trembled, her face going pale as Megan looked at her. Megan took a deep breath, feeling that hot, moist heaviness between her legs again, then reached over and ran her hand over Samantha's breast.
	The redhead pushed her hand back instinctively, then dropped her eyes under Tunde's quelling gaze, and knelt still as Megan began to caress her breasts and finger her nipples.
	For her part Megan felt a growing arousal as she squeezed Sam's breasts. She lowered her head, tonguing one nipple, sucking on it and the ring embedded through it. She mouthed them both, sucking and licking, her fingers kneading the heavy orbs gently.
	Her hand skimmed down Sam's body and cupped her between the legs, then began to rub softly against her quim.
	Seeing Tunde's glare, Samantha lifted her arms at last, her hands stroking Megan's back and head. Then as Megan raised her face and kissed her she opened her lips, kissing back, ashamed yet desperate to please Tunde.
	She grunted as Megan slipped a finger inside her, and gasped as another stroked up along her clitoris. Megan pressed her body forward and Sam eased back onto her back, letting the blonde do the work. She felt a churning in her stomach as Megan licked downwards along her belly, hoping she wasn't going to...
	But then she did, and Samantha fought the urge to shove her back as Megan's tongue lapped at her pussy opening. Instead she made a face that she hoped looked like pleasure, letting her legs shift apart.
	Megan's tongue pushed into her, then eased up and caressed her clitty.
	She was far more sensitive there since she'd been pierced, or so she thought. It felt...not bad...as the soft pink tongue stroked against her. She was already breathing rapidly, so did her best to pretend this was excitement.
	And then she realized it was excitement that Meg's gentle tongue was starting to loosen up her tightness and send hot little pulsating bursts of pleasure up her spine. She almost jerked back then, but caught hold of herself, relaxing, letting Megan lick at her, and trying to fight the build up of pleasure.
	It felt very nice, though, very, very nice. If it hadn't been that it was a woman there, even Meg, she would have given in. As it was she fought it to the end, until the pleasure wove a spell around her mind and her body began to buck up of its own accord, until her breasts were swollen with heat and her insides were swirling and burning.
	Then Tunde was there, yanking Meg back and kneeling between her quivering legs. He thrust into her, and Samantha groaned in delight, reaching up, sliding her hands around him as his body covered her, grunting and moaning as he began to thrust in hard and deep and fast.
	Megan looked on jealously, fingering her own steaming little quim and watching as Tunde's cock thrust into her squirming, moaning girlfriend again and again.
	He gave a final deep thrust, then stopped, smiling down at the redhead, kissing her softly.
	"Much better," he said. "You will be as good as Megan in no time at all."
	He got up then, patted Megan on the head, and left the room.
	"Slut," Megan said sarcastically.
	Samantha bit her lip and flushed.
	"Now we have to keep practising. He'll want more next time."
	She was lying, but that didn't matter. She slid her body atop Sam's, then kissed her. She began to grind her body down, rubbing her breasts against Sam's, then spreading her legs and sliding her pussy back and forth against Sam's own overheated little quim.
	At first the redhead just lay there, but then her body began to respond. Her legs spread more and more, opening her pussy to Megan's quick grinding movements. Their tongues joined together and their hands began to caress each other with passion and lust.
	Megan came twice, her soft pussy burning up against Samantha's, then Sam arched her back, climaxing herself, her body shuddering to the intensity of the pleasure roaring within.
	Weak from that, she allowed Megan to pin her arms down with her knees and kneel over her face, then reluctantly began to tongue her blonde pussy, searching out her little clit and lapping steadily against it. Soon Megan had twisted around and her face was between Samantha's legs, licking at her pussy as well.
	A great and wonderful heat seemed to catch hold of the two, and for hours they spoke little, their tongues moving together, their hands caressing each other, soft moans and gasps of pleasure filling the air around the bed.
	They used vibrators and dildos on each other, giggling, then gasping in pleasure. They took a bath together, kissing and hugging each other gently and lovingly.
	When Tunde came back later that night Samantha managed to hide her dislike of him. The two took turns fellating him, one taking his shaft into her mouth as the other massaged and sucked on his testicles. Then Samantha squatted atop him and took her into her belly, riding up and down with pleasure that was feigned only at first.
	The next few weeks were uneventful, other than for the number of times the two girls brought each other to climax. Tunde made use of them, as well, naturally, and though neither girl was fond of him they accepted the need to please him, and even enjoyed the feel of his hardness inside them.
	He put them through their paces, as well. They crawled, prostrated themselves before him, licked at his feet, and offered their bodies to him enthusiastically. Any sign of hesitation or lack of enthusiasm brought a sharp slap or even a quick caning on their bare behinds.
	Samantha soon began to feel the same odd attraction to her status as Megan did. And a few times she deliberately acted up - just a little - in order to have Tunde strap her down and then cane her bare bottom. It made her feel...like a slave.
	Like Megan she was beginning to feel the freedom of slavery, the freedom to enjoy her body, and to let others enjoy it, without guilt.
	When Tunde took her out to visit several villages she knew what was coming, and was gripped by terror, anxiety...and anticipation. Just as Megan had told her she was forced to please several men amidst a crowd of watching villagers, then used roughly and thoroughly.
	She hated it, and felt fury and shame, yet helplessly climaxed as Tunde rode her there on all fours amid a circle of watching men, women and children.
	When she returned to the palace she burst into tears and threw herself into Megan's arms. Megan comforted her in the way they had most recently learned, and soon they were kissing and caressing each other lovingly.
	Then Tunde showed up with a white man a few days later both were shocked. Still, both ran excitedly over to Tunde and dropped to their knees, greeting him enthusiastically.
	"Mr. Donovan is from the British embassy," Tunde said in amusement. "He has heard a strange rumour about English girls being held against their will here. Are you two being held prisoner?"
	Both girls shook their heads, neither willing to do anything to upset Tunde.
	"Come here," he ordered Megan.
	She put on a smile and hurried up to him, embarrassed as Donovan stared at her naked body. He was a white man, after all, and English.
	"Is she not beautiful, Mr. Donovan?" Tunde said shrewdly.
	"Oh my yes," he gulped.
	Tunde pulled her into his arms and she giggled, pressing her breasts into his chest as his hand moved down her back and squeezed her behind. He turned her towards Donovan, pulling her in against his body and putting his hands around her waist.
	"Is this one of these girls you spoke of?"
	"Ah, I wouldn't uhm, now, your honour," he said.
	He watched as one of Tunde's hands rose and cupped a plump young breast.
	"You are happy here, are you not, Megan?"
	"Yes, master," she said. "Can I service you, master?"
	Donovan's jaw dropped again.
	"Perhaps later. You are an obedient girl, are you not?"
	"Yes, master."
	He moved to a nearby cabinet and withdrew a thin, yard long switch, then returned.
	"Display yourself."
	She immediately arched her back sharply, her hands going up behind her neck.
	"Do not move," he ordered.
	He swung the switch down, and to Donovan's astonishment it slashed directly across her rounded breasts. She screamed, but held her position as a red line appeared across her perfect mammaries.
	Tunde turned and grinned at Donovan, then turned back, lashing the switch down again, then again, then again, switching from one breast to the other as the girl sobbed and trembled and shook.
	She kept her position, even as her legs grew rubbery and she slowly sank to her knees. Her hands remained behind her head, her back arched sharply as Tunde lashed her breasts and then her lower chest. The pain tore at her mind, but inside was the desperate determination to not disobey Tunde, for she knew that if she did far worse punishments would be in store.
	And hiding just behind that was the deep, dark erotic thrill she had been refusing to see for weeks. Her loins grew warm and moist and her body burned with both pain and excitement.
	Tunde stopped and turned to smile at Donovan again. 
	"She is quite obedient, is she not?"
	"Y-Yes," he gulped, his cock stiff and hungry.
	"Perhaps you can make use of her while I attend to other business."
	"Ah, uhm, I'm sure that's not necessary, your honour," Donovan said, eyes staring at the lovely young woman kneeling there before him, her chest criss-crossed by red lines of pain.
	"Nonsense. Sharing with guests is an African tradition."
	He reached down and gripped the girl by the hair, pulling her to her feet. With a sharp word her arms dropped to her sides and she lowered her head, eyes red, cheeks wet with tears. Yet she blinked her eyes rapidly and smiled up at Tunde.
	Tunde reached between her legs and her eyes closed as she shuddered. Donovan watched two long fingers slide up into the girl's quim, then pull back.
	Tunde held them up before him to show how they glistened wetly, then pushed them into the girl's mouth and let her suckle and lick at them.
	"Make him happy, little flower, while I attend to business," Tunde said, moving to the door.
	He turned to Donovan. "Use her roughly. It is as Allah wills." Then he gestured to Samantha to follow and headed for the door. She looked sympathetically at Megan, then hurried after.
	Megan blushed as the man stared at her excitedly.
	"Do I please you, Master?" she asked hesitantly.
	"Oh yeah," he said.
	She reached up to rub the tears from her face, then moved closer to him, her hands sliding up his shoulders. He reached for her breasts, then hesitated.
	"Yes. Squeeze them," she said throatily.
	"Don't they hurt?"
	"Yes. They hurt terribly. Squeeze them. Make them hurt more."
	He gaped at her, then cupped her breasts, squeezing softly. She closed her eyes, moaning, shaking. "More," she whispered.
	He squeezed harder and tears appeared to trickle from her closed eyes. She began to roll her hips, pushing her crotch against him as she panted for breath.
	She told herself she had to please him, that Tunde had given an order she dared not defy. Yet inside her body the juices flowed, and inside her mind was a deep, soulful excitement.
	Then her eyes opened, glassy and wet. "Rape me," she whispered. "Rape me, master."
	He blinked his eyes.
	"R-rape you?"
	She nodded breathlessly.
	"Ahh, do you like being raped?"
	"Oh yes, master!"
	"Why do you call me master?"
	"I'm a slave," she said with a dreamy look in her eyes. "I'm a sex slave. I call every man master."
	His cock was no longer twitching. It was now straining up against his shorts as he stared at her, open-mouthed.
	She turned her back to him, then bent over a nearby stool, spreading her legs.
	"Rape me, master!" she groaned.
	"Holy jumping Christ!" he whispered.
	He looked around again, then jerked his pants down, pressing himself in against her from behind.
	"Yesssss," she groaned. "Yesss - OH - yeeessss!"
	He buried himself in her tight little pussy and humped furiously, his hands gripping her hips as he pounded into her with unrelenting excitement. Her sheath milked his cock expertly, and he grunted and moaned in delight as his face distorted with pleasure.
	"Yes! Yes, master! Rape me, master!" she cried.
	Her words sent an electric thrill along his spine and he thrust harder and faster, groaning as he came, as his juice flowed out of him and the girl's pussy drank it down.
	"That was nice, master," she sighed, straightening and turning to smile shyly at him.
	"Ah, it was?"
	She nodded her head.
	"Uhm, you uh, you're from England?"
	"Yes, master."
	"It's strange seeing an English girl act like this."
	She lost her smile and nodded. "I used to be...well...like everyone else. But master...I mean, Tunde has shown me how to be free, how to not care about what others think and enjoy my body. I have a nice body, don't you think?"
	"Oh yes!"
	"You see? But before I came here I got little pleasure out of it. I mean, the men would come panting around but I was too inhibited, too afraid of getting a reputation, or of how I would look to them. I never even had an orgasm while being raped...I mean, while having sex before Tunde gave me one."
	"Are you saying uh..that you like it here?"
	She scrunched up her face uncertainly. "I don't know. I get raped...I mean, I have sex ten times or more every day. I have lots of orgasms. It's really strange. Back home was...well, kind of boring, to tell you the truth."
	"But you could have sex as often as you wanted anywhere."
	She looked thoughtful and nodded slowly. "I suppose you're right," she said. "Though people would call me names and stuff back home. Here they just think it's natural."
	"Uh huh. I don't see a lot of other people walking around naked here."
	"Well..." She frowned again in confusion, then her eyes brightened as she saw his cock had begun to rise again.
	"Ahh, I can get you ready quickly," she said, sliding to her knees.
	She slipped her lips over his cock and began to bob up and down, her fingers caressing his thighs and massaging his balls.
	He was going to have a hard time explaining this to the client if it ever got out, but Donovan couldn't help himself. His cock grew and throbbed inside the young girl's willing mouth, and he humped excitedly as she ran her soft lips up and down its length.
	He reached down and pulled her up and off, then crushed his lips against one of her breasts, sucking and chewing as he eased her back to the bed. She fell back willingly, spreading her legs for him as he drove himself into her.
	"Yess! Rape me! Rape me!" she gasped. "Use me, master! Use me hard!"
	He groaned and thrust into her, imagining what it would be like to own a hot little slut like her. For that, he had no doubt, was what she was. She was a hot, randy little tart that Tunde had somehow managed to brainwash. And his mind growled at the thought of owning her himself.
	He squeezed one of her breasts and yanked back on her silky hair, biting into her throat as he rammed himself down again and again.
	"W-wait!" she cried. "Wait, master!"
	He pulled himself up, chest heaving.
	"Tie me up first!" she begged.
	She spread her arms up and out and he saw the straps at the corners of the bed. He felt his cock throb and leaned forward, eagerly sliding the straps around her slender wrists and pulling them tight.
	"And my legs!"
	He hopped off, strapping her legs to the lower corners of the bed, then jumping aboard again. He knelt there, his hands running hungrily up and down her lush body. Then he took his cock and thrust himself into her, eyes alight with the sight of her writhing below him.
	"Oh! Yes! Yes! Rape me, master! Harder! As hard as you can!" she begged.
	He flung his hips into her, stabbing his cock into the soft, puffy hole between her beautiful legs, grunting enthusiastically as he road her.
	"S-Slap me, master!" she moaned, rolling her head back.
	"Wha..."
	"Slap me! Slap my face!"
	He stared at her, his hips working feverishly.
	"Please, master! Please!" she whined.
	He slapped her face lightly, and she groaned. He could feel her pussy squeezing down on his shaft.
	"Harder! Please! Harder!"
	Again he slapped her, and again. She begged him for more, and every time he hit her, her pussy spasmed around his cock. He slapped her face with one hand, then the other, sending her head rolling from side to side.
	Her eyes seemed to lose focus and she began to arch her back, trembling violently as he rutted into her. He continued to slap her, feeling a jolt of shockingly powerful heat each time his hand met the soft flesh of her now reddened face. And as her pussy exploded around him he gave a furious groan and buried himself in her soft, velvety depths, pouring forth his cream and collapsing atop her.







C h a p t e r     T e n



Samantha left with more reluctance than she had shown. If the man really was from the British high commission she wanted to talk to him, to tell him they were being held against their will. She wasn't at all confident Meg would do that. Meg was too far-gone, too attached to the sudden new thrill of being a sex slave.
	Samantha told herself there were quite a few things - now that the real tortures had eased - that were good about being a sex slave. It was exciting, and the sex was wonderful, far better than she could have ever imagined back in London. But she knew that before long Tunde would tire of them, and God only knew where they'd wind up then; perhaps dead.
	So as soon as she could she hurried back. She walked in just as the man, Donovan, finished pounding himself into a tightly bound Megan, watching from the doorway worriedly. Would the man be willing to get them out now, or would he be too embarrassed at having used Megan to tell on Tunde?
	She hurried over to him as he swung his legs over the edge of the bed, embarrassed as he stared at her beringed nipples.
	"Mr. Donovan? Are you really from the high commission?" she asked.
	"That I am," he grunted, searching for his pants.
	"Can you get us home?"
	He looked up in surprise, then looked at Megan, who was laying back in dreamy languor. "I thought you liked it here."
	"We want to go home," Sam said firmly. "We were afraid to say anything with Tunde there."
	"Well, she doesn't seem to mind it here."
	"She does, but she's been uhm, brainwashed. Look, we want to leave. Will you help us?"
	"Ah, er, of course," he said after a moment. "Naturally. Can't have poor English girls held prisoner by African savages, now can we?"
	He pulled up his pants, then quickly slipped on his shirt and buttoned it up.
	"I can find something to wear..."
	"Not just yet, my girl," he said. "I mean, Tunde has all these guards around. I'll go back and report to the High Commissioner. He'll take care of things."
	"But..."
	"No fear. It should only take a day or two. Just...just keep a stiff upper lip, uh, er, so to speak, and we'll have you out of here in a jiffy."
	He snatched up his jacket and hurried out, leaving the two alone.
	"You shouldn't have said that," Megan sighed. "Master might find out."
	"Oh shut up," Sam said. "He wouldn't tell Tunde."
	The door burst open just then and a large black man - one of Tunde's bodyguards - strode through. He ignored Meg, grabbing Samantha by one arm and dragging her back out of the room.
	Her heart pounded like a drum as he led her down into the basement again and she saw Tunde there shaking his head sadly.
	"Master?" she squeaked.
	"Put her there, then go," he ordered, pointing to a square wooden frame off to one side.
	The man dragged her over to the frame, then pushed her over, grabbing one ankle and lifting her upside down as though she were weightless. In moments her wrists were locked together behind her back and her ankles were locked into heavy metal rings attached to the top of the frame.
	To be more precise, the rings were attached to small wheels. The wheels were in small grooves set into the inside of the frame.
	"I am most disappointed in you, dog," Tunde said.
	"I'm sorry master!" she cried fearfully.
	"Not as sorry as you will be."
	He pressed a button in the side of the frame and the wheels began to move apart. Samantha gasped in surprise as her legs were spread wide and he reached down to rub and squeeze her mound.
	"M-Master," she gasped.
	The wheels continued to slide apart, and she continued to rise higher as her legs were pulled farther and farther apart. The tendons in her thighs began to stretch and strain. She gasped and moaned as she was lifted higher still, then cried out as she was pulled up flat against the underside of the frame, her legs split out straight to either side.
	Her thighs burned and her legs threatened to tear off as Tunde chuckled as he squeezed her breast again.
	"I'm sure that we can persuade you of the errors of your ways, my dear."
	"P-Please" she gasped.
	He pressed the button and the wheels rolled back together, her ankles moving with them. He stopped the movement, then moved to a table and pulled out an immensely thick, long rubber dildo. He made no attempt to push the thing into her. Instead he reached up to the underside of the frame above her and screwed the base of the phallus into it. Then he started the wheels pulling apart again.
	Her groin was raised higher as her legs stretched out, and her mound came into contact with the rounded knob of the rubber phallus.
	It pushed insistently, with the steady force only a machine can give, and Samantha screamed as it was forced down into her body. She was impaled on it, her tight, dry pussy jammed up hard into the base of the frame again with her legs split apart.
	"I'm sure you'll the proper gratitude after you've enjoyed yourself with my little toy," he said.
	He adjusted the machine, then turned and moved away.
	Samantha groaned aloud as the wheels moved backwards, and her body slid down. Yet when there was perhaps eight or ten inches separating her throbbing sex and the frame above the wheels halted, then reversed.
	She was again lifted high as her legs were spread wide, and again forced up onto the thick rubber phallus. When her groin was pressed flat against the frame the wheels halted again then reversed direction once more.
	Samantha groaned helplessly as she was raised then lowered again and again, her pussy sliding up and down the rubber cock while she hung helpless below.
	Fortunately the wheels moved slowly, so though it was remorseless, the penetration was slow. And her sex began to produce much needed lubrication, which further eased the pain.
	Her mind continued to throb from all the blood which had rushed to her head, and her thinking processes were more than a little flustered because of it. Moving up and down repeatedly did nothing to help, of course, and the repeated impalements on the thick phallus did even more to confuse her.
	Yet soon she felt that tiny flicker of sexual heat grow, felt a hazy sexual curtain settle around her.
	She hung limply, groaning anew every time her thighs were pulled flat and her body took the enormous rubber cock down into it. It hurt her. The thing was simply too big not to, despite her arousal, yet the hurt seemed not to matter. In a way it only seemed to accent how provocatively sexual her torture was.
	Again and again her pussy slid up the rubber cock then jammed against the base of the frame above. And each time her stomach ached and cramped as the head ground against her cervix.
	She did not even notice Tunde returning, hanging there in a daze as she was raised and lowered. But his hand went to the side of the frame, and the steady turn of the wheels grew faster. Her legs ached and her thighs burned more and more as she moaned and stared into his smiling eyes.
	"Enjoying yourself?" he asked.
	She didn't answer, only moaning and panting for breath as her ankles pulled her up and down.
	Tunde touched the side of the frame again, and this time when the wheels reached the sides of the frame they did not back up. No. Instead they slid downwards along the sides of the frames, lowering her, easing her body completely off the rubber cock and bringing it down to the point where her hair was almost brushing the floor.
	Her legs, of course were still split straight out to either side, and her sex gaped brazenly as Tunde rubbed two fingers back and forth along it. She gasped and jerked, even while trying to hide her response.
	"Very moist here," he said. "Perhaps your body has enjoyed the thrusting it received even if you did not."
	"Y-Yes, master," she panted.
	"But you were a bad girl, were you not?"
	"Yes, master," she groaned.
	"All the pleasure I have given you and you run whining to the first white man you see calling me nasty names. Yet it is so obvious I am only making use of you as you were designed by God."
	He moved around to the other side of the narrow frame, and she heard his zipper go down. A moment later she felt his flesh against her sex, rubbing along the warm, moist slit as his hands stroked her straining thighs.
	Then he centred himself, not at her pussy, but against her rectum. She moaned, as much in misery at not having him in her pussy as in discomfort at being sodomized.	
	"Your body seems to welcome me here," he said, grunting as he backed up, then thrust down once again, forcing himself deeper. His hands gripped her thighs tightly and he began to pump into her, never moving his hands near her pussy.
	She felt so utterly vacant there now. His presence in her rectum felt good, felt natural. The steady thrusting there excited her. But she needed something against her pussy, needed it badly. His hips slapping against her sent shudders through her body, making her clitoris quiver with anticipation again and again.
	Yet it was not enough, not quite, and as she sweated with heat and arousal, as the air became musky from the scent she gave off, Tunde continued to sodomize her, thrusting down again and again until he had achieved his release and filled her with his sperm.
	"P-Please,"  she panted. "Fuck me, master!"
	"Now you want my big cock. Now I am not a nasty slaver keeping you prisoner" he said with a smirk. "Now you only wish more attention paid to your hungry sex."
	He began to rub at it, fingers stroking against her clitoris in a way that made her hiss in delight.
	He backed up, however, going to a nearby cupboard. She couldn't make out much of what he was doing because being upside down for so long had left her eyes blurry. But he returned with what looked like another dildo, and she heard a click, then a soft buzzing sound coming from it.
	It pressed against her clitoris and she moaned helplessly, her upper torso twisting from side to side as her ground it against her clitoris. He thrust it down into her pussy hole then, burying it inside her as she squirmed in heat.
	"I shall give you the attention you crave," he said, standing back.
	She did not see the razor strap in his hand, so wrapped up was she in the quivering tube of pleasure inside her sheath. His arm moved rapidly and something swung up and then down.	
	The flat, narrow strap slapped down against her mound, and she squealed in shock, her insides taking a barbed spear of pain even as they swept towards climax.
	She was both horrified and electrified that he would strap her between the legs, and even as her mind tumbled end over end the strap came down again, then again, then again, all directly against her mound.
	She screamed and thrashed, twisted and rolled, half maddened by pain even as the pleasure held her in its thrall.
	And still the strap whipped down, and her red, aching pussy pad burned hotter and hotter, the most sensitive nerve endings in her body screaming as they were shockingly mistreated.
	And thus there were tears of pain in her eyes as the climax swept her up in its grasp and sent her mind streaking upwards in gleeful delight, ecstasy screaming along her veins. Each sharp slap of the strap was like a blast wave of power that hurtled her higher and higher, until she finally peaked, and tumbled slowly downward to Earth once more.
	Tunde smiled and put down the strap.
	"I think you enjoyed that too much, girl. I think I will give you something else to think about."
	He turned away again, leaving her hanging there, groaning insensibly. He returned with two long narrow wires each attached to an alligator clip. He moved to her and fingered her sex, pressing a finger in and feeling the base of the vibrator.
	He pressed the alligator clip in and then let it snap shut against her labia, drawing a small cry of pain from her. The second clip was quickly snapped tight on the other side of her small slit, and she whimpered as he ran the cords down along her legs and into narrow rings in the sides of the frame.
	Then he pulled on the cords, and her pubic lips were pulled apart, spread wider and wider, straining out painfully as she sobbed and jerked.
	He tied off the cords, then stared into her pink valley, noting the base of the vibrator buried within her small round hole. He decided to leave it there as he picked up a riding crop and smiled in anticipation. He could actually see the small quivering clitoris had pushed forth from behind its hood, a sign of deep arousal.
	The crop whistled as it cut through the air, then cracked down directly atop it.
	She howled in agony, her body writhing in maddened despair. Again the crop descended, and again, slapping wetly against her pink flesh.
	She begged him to stop, begged him in as desperate, beseeching, degrading manner as she could, offered him anything to stop. Yet he continued, the crop cracking down against the most sensitive part of her anatomy, each blow an explosion of agony that threatened to destroy her mind, if not her body.
	Of course there were limits to how much pain even that part of her body could give forth before becoming numbed, and soon the fresh pain seemed to become more muted, more dull, to the point where the blows did little but jar her body and make the vibrator inside her jam harder against her cervix.
	He pressed the button at the side of the frame and she began to rise once more. He continued to strap her groin until she was once again impaled on the thick rubber dildo, then he shifted his aim to her breasts, drawing more screams as he set them to shaking and bouncing under his brutal blows.
	His bodyguard returned, bringing Megan with him, then turned and left - reluctantly.
	"You, slut. Come here," he ordered.
	Megan hurried over, wide eyed at the sight of Samantha rising up and down as she was.
	Tunde gave her the strap, and she stared at it in astonishment.
	"Whip her. She has been bad," Tunde said.
	Megan stared at Samantha and then at Tunde.
	"Or else you will go up in her place," he snarled.
	She gulped fearfully, then drew her arm back and lashed out with the strap, cutting it across her belly.
	Tunde laughed and squeezed her behind. She drew back and swung the strap again, feeling a surge of excitement between her legs as it landed heavily against one of Sam's breasts. Again and again she swung her arm as Sam screamed and sobbed in pain. She was horrified but at the same time excited for some reason. It felt spiteful to take pleasure in another's pain, yet Sam had brought it on herself, after all. She had warned her. And it wasn't like she had any choice in the matter herself.
	Tunde moved to a cupboard and took out along narrow cylinder, then came back and stopped her, handing the cylinder to her instead.
	"I...should hit her with this?" she asked worriedly.
	"No, stupid girl! You press the tip against her and then press this button on the end."
	Megan stared at it, realizing what it was, remembering with a shudder when such a device had been pushed into her own backside. Now Tunde wanted her to do it to Sam, who was already in agony.
	She wasn't sure how she came to get the thought. It was more impulse than anything else. And if she'd really stopped to think about it she never would have had the courage. But suddenly she jammed the thing down against Tunde's groin and pressed the button.
	Tunde let out a howl and shot backwards a dozen feet, tumbling over a chair and landing heavily on the floor. 
	Now terrified of what he would do to her she chased after him, shoving the thing against his chest again and again, sending bolts of electricity through his shuddering, writhing body until his eyes closed and he stopped moving.
	She stood there gaping at him for a long moment, then dropped the cattle prod and ran back to Samantha. It took a few minutes to figure out how to stop the thing from raising and lowering her, but before long the redhead was free, if not in the best of shape.
	"We have to get out of here!" she cried to the woozy girl.
	"Y-Yes, master," Samantha croaked.
	Tunde groaned, and Megan ran back and zapped him with the cattle prod several more times. Then she helped the dazed redhead up the stairs and down the hall to the palace's main entrance.
Tunde's car was there, with a man washing it. She helped Sam over and put her in the back seat.
	"Hey, what you do there?" the man demanded.
	Megan zapped him with the cattle prod, and the man, wet from washing the car, seemed to shake violently for a full minute as she searched his pockets and pulled out the key.
	The rear wheels spun in the dirt for a moment, then the car lurched forward and raced down the driveway, almost running down the man at the gate as she turned onto the dirt road and raced back in the direction she remembered coming from.
	She hadn't gone far before she had to jam on the brakes as another car blocked the narrow road. She saw two white men in the front seat and threw open her door, running up to them.
	"Please help us!" she cried. "We need to get to the British High Commission!"
	The two men looked at each other, then at her, then one nodded.
	"Of course. We'd be glad to take you," he said.
	They helped Samantha into the car, then turned and drove off.
	Neither of them asked the two girls what was happening, and both spent a good deal of time admiring their naked bodies as they drove.
	"We're getting near the city," the man in back said. "You two need to get out of sight. In fact, you'd be best to ride in the boot."
	The car pulled over, and he led them around to the back, then helped them into the largish boot and closed the top. A half hour of bumpy riding later the car finally stopped and the boot was opened once again. The two reached in and helped them out.
	They were standing on pavement next to a large white building. White walls surrounded it, and Megan thought they must be at the high commission and safe. She was half right.
	"What are you doing?" she asked in surprise.
	One of the men was locking Samantha's wrist restraints together behind her back.
	"Nothing to be alarmed over," the man said with a smile.
	The other man pulled Megan's wrists back behind her as well.
	"But...but what..."
	A ball gag was shoved into her mouth, then another into Sam's. The two men then led them into the building, and down several stairways. They shuffled along a dark, hot, dry corridor, then opened a steel door and led the two girls into what looked like a large apartment.
	There were two double beds inside, a TV, stereo, dressers, and even a small kitchenette off to one side.
	Donovan came in then, grinning from ear to ear.
	"What luck!" he exclaimed.
	Megan stared at him helplessly.
	"We had hoped to be able to snag you from Tunde's clutches. This is a bloody awful hardship posting, you see. No women at all. Do you have any idea how lovely it's going to be to have you two around from now on?"
	The two men smiled as well, then several other men crowded the doorway, panting and staring excitedly at the two naked, nubile teenagers.
	They were quickly placed on their knees, their behinds raised and chests to the floor. Then the first of the men drove their hungry cocks into their soft depths as lines formed behind them.
	Megan's cheek was pressed against the floor as she stared at Sam, only a couple of feet away. Then the soft, quivering heat stole over her and her eyes glazed as her body began to respond to the hard rodding.


The end.




WOMEN ON THE CHAIN GANG by Jay Merson
Copyright Jay Merson


It was a most pitiful wailing of pain and hopelessness that came from the cowering naked girl. Her mud-streaked body lay face down in the filthy cold slime of the Mississippi swamps and the bullwhip lashed hard down across her soft skin. She curled up into a foetal position to afford her some little protection, her slight frame racked by great heaving sobs of deep misery. That sobbing increased as the five guards unzipped and dropped their trousers; the girl knew only too well that her pussy, anus and mouth would suffer terribly once again.

***

The coach ride had been long and uncomfortable for the eight women. The stifling humid heat of the Deep South had made their light beige prison overalls cling to their soaked bodies, sticking annoyingly to their thrusting breasts to cause the two male guards to turn and leer often. The trousers too offered little comfort, the damp material pulled up to stick in between and to rub at their puffy pussy lips. The steel bracelets of the handcuffs and leg irons, the heavy perspiration and the movement of their bodies worked together to chaff and redden the soft pale skin of their limbs.
        The bus slowed, turned and bumped onto the dusty side road and moved now deeper into the thick tangled undergrowth of the Everglades. Tall trees and thick shrubs offered some shade from the relentless sun, forming high hedges at the sides of the narrow track and a covering canopy of foliage in many places. The bus jolted and bumped, rocked and jarred, rattling noisily over a timber bridge to make this section of the journey the most uncomfortable of all. It was then for the women, a great relief as at last the prison compound came into sight. The thick undergrowth opened out in dazzling spaciousness to show a high wire fence topped with barbed wire and pegged at the corners by tall watchtowers. It was a depressing and ominous looking place, in its very own evil setting with the tangled everglades as a backdrop but in a way a welcome end to a most tiring journey. 
        The bus followed the bumpy track that ran alongside the outer perimeter of the fence to give    the women their first sight of their home to be. Patrolling armed guards sporting rifles and peaked caps added to the sense of foreboding all of the women felt. They sat silently taking in the long and low wooden buildings and the large open square that lay between the huts. As they neared the open gate their interest was taken by the array of wooden poles and structures in the centre of the square, a most unusual addition to any prison compound. A view held by all and voiced softy by only one, the petite blonde Gilly.
        "Exercise frames ha! And in this awful heat too."
        The prison coach swung through the gates and came to a halt next to the reception block. They were ordered to wait until the gates had closed and then were ushered out, the women shuffled in single file, the restricting leg irons making walking a most difficult exercise. Once inside the stiflingly hot reception hut they sat on wooden benches, waiting their turn to be booked in. It was a routine that they had been through before, prison after prison they been sent to, the worst of the worst, the rebellious and trouble-making ringleaders of discontent. The women were marked, their names synonymous with minor scuffles and disputes, of disrespect for authority and for challenging forcefully prison regulations. They were then the 'bad apples' the few that soured the bunch and now, they had been gathered together into one basket to rot and to decay without contact or the opportunity of influencing others.
        By the office door stood a guard, watching over the silent women, tall and ape-like in his features he looked nothing like the clean and well presented guards in the previous prisons. He was unshaven and dirty, his sweat stained uniform crumpled and unwashed but worst of all was the sickly evil grin that seemed permanently etched on his face. Strangely, and several of the women noted this point, he wore no pistol on his belt, instead there hung a long and thick baton that held for them a terror all of its own.
        "Mason," he called out the name after referring to his clipboard.
        The little blonde stood and shuffled slowly over toward the office, her wrists chained together in front of her and her ankles shackled likewise. As she passed the guard he extended his hand and grabbed at her backside, taking a handful of her firm buttocks he squeezed the orb of flesh hard, feeling and groping lecherously.
        "Fuck off!" the woman shouted, and jerked her hips forward to be free of his touch. 
        The swiftness of his response stunned all present. With a savage backhanded swing he clubbed the back of his hand across her face to drop the woman to the floor like a sack of potatoes. She lay motionless muttering incoherently as her brain fought to cope with the shock and the dull ache in the side of her face.
        "Hey, shit!" one of the other women shouted angrily, "You can't do that!"
        His head threw back and he roared an evil laugh. The big guard strolled casually over to stand before the objecting woman and leaned down to bring his face close to hers. His tone of voice was low and threatening, loaded with terrifying evil.
        "Listen slut," he growled, "here we do as we like. If I want to feel your arse or your tits then I will, and you nor anyone else will stop me."
        The woman swallowed, her voice cracked nervously as she replied.
        "I'll report you if you do."
        She screamed as his great hand grabbed her hair at the top of her head and in one strong yank pulled her from her seat to crash heavily to the floor on her hands and knees. The big guard straddled her back, bringing his full weight to bear down on her spine, and causing her to tense fully so as to prevent her arms and legs collapsing under the oppressive weight. She began to sob as he reached down with one hand and felt all over her buttocks, sliding his fingers down to stroke over the firm mound of her pussy. Slowly and deliberately he felt her in a display of command and control that was as much for the other women's benefit as his.
        "Mmmm," he muttered, "nice and firm, what a lovely little arse you have. I look forward to fucking it."
        "Oh God," the woman sobbed fearfully.
        His hands swapped over, his left one slid down under her body, entered the open neck of her shirt and he felt at her dangling tits. For many moments he fondled and squeezed her soft orbs, pinching at her nipples and twisting them spitefully.
        "Listen up, all of you," he said loudly. "Here, you are our property, to do with as we will. You earned your place here by being shits and that's how you will be treated - like pieces of shit. Life at this prison is unlike anything you have known before, rebel here and you will suffer for it."
        He released his grip on her nipple and stood up, using the sole of his boot to kick her down onto her side and to stand over the whimpering prisoner.
        "Your pussy and arse are mine, your mouth too slut..."
        "Please God no!" the woman yelled back in fear.
        He gave a low and sadistic laugh.
        "As and when I choose to, slut - but later, not now."
        The huge guard walked back to the first woman who now sat on the floor nursing her bruised face. He gripped her hair and hoisted her bodily to her feet in one almighty yank of her blonde locks. He ignored her wailing, spun her around like a rag doll and threw her through the open door of the office to sprawl headlong on the floor of the tiny room. The guard turned to face the seated women, he gave a wide grin and his tone was soft and mocking.
        "Welcome to 'Swamps Prison' ladies, and may your stay here be a happy one."
        He laughed loudly enjoying his joke, that laughter could still be heard after he entered the office and slammed the door. Then the screaming began.


                                         *** 

The petite blonde Gilly stood trembling, she was the last to be booked in and had had to sit and wait, listening to each of her friends scream in turn. The small office was a hellhole, stuffy and reeking of some foul odour that she would rather not guess at the cause of. One oaf sat smugly behind the desk and two grinning apes of guards lounged back on chairs to the sides of it, leering hungrily at her slim body and mentally undressing her. Gilly shuddered in revulsion and looked at the calendar on the wall so as to avoid eye contact with them.
        "Name?" the man behind the desk demanded.
        "Gilly, Gilly Stapleton," she said softly.
        She started in fright as his hand slammed down hard on the desk to rattle the pen holder and the metal coffee mug on the surface of the desk.
        "Louder!" he bellowed angrily.
        "Gilly Stapleton," she screamed back, all her fears and pent-up emotions spilling out in an effort to avoid receiving his harsh tongue again. She began to cry, her shoulders shook as the sobs racked her body, this miserable place was hell on earth she felt and they had only just arrived. Her head bowed in shame and she looked now to the worn and filthy floorboards.
        "Nice tits, Gilly," the man behind the desk said and stood, he circled menacingly around her, looking the trembling woman up and down on a lewd ogling of deep sexual meaning. "Nice and firm I think, shall we see them?"
        She groaned; her worst fears were now coming true.
        In one swift move he grasped the front of her shirt and with an almighty tug ripped it clean down to her waist, exposing her naked breasts to all.
        Gilly's sobbing increased, her face flushed red, as she stood humiliated before the chuckling men. To be subjected to such behaviour was beyond belief for her but to react would surely bring worse still, she chose instead to stand passively and the suffer the leering gazes. She tensed and flinched, gritting her teeth to stem any protest as his hand covered her right breast and began a lewd squeezing and kneading.
        "Does that feel good, Gilly?" he asked mockingly and pinched the nipple between finger and thumb.
        She drew breath and shook her head slowly in denial. Gilly yelped and sucked in air as he pinched cruelly at her soft bud, digging his fingernails spitefully hard into her tender flesh.
        "I asked you," he said threateningly, "does that feel good?"
        "No," she said almost as a whisper.
        Gilly screamed loudly as he pinched harder still, twisting the rubbery bud around and pulling it agonisingly outward from her breast at the same time.
        "And now?" he asked with a sneer.
        "Yes! Yes," she blurted between sobs, "it feels nice. Please just stop this, please."
        He released her and moved to the desk. The man, an officer Gilly could now tell by the markings on his epaulettes, picked up a long baton and returned to her side.
        "Don't please. Don't hurt me," she sobbed pathetically.
        He laughed, looking to the other two-seated men to confirm their delight at her begging. The man raised the baton and rested on his shoulder, retaining his hold on it in a most threatening manner.
        "Defiance is not tolerated here," he stated.
        She turned her head to look at him; her tear-stained cheeks flushed red and a perplexed expression on her face.
        "But I didn't defy you," Gilly sobbed.
        The baton swung down in a savage and thudding blow that struck across the tops of both her breasts at the same time. The woman's mouth gaped open and her eyes locked wide as the excruciating pain shot through her body. A gurgling came from her throat and then her knees buckled to slump her to the floor clutching at her stinging orbs with her manacled hands.
        "Learn well, bitch that here, when you are asked a question you reply - positively and without question."
        Gilly couldn't hear him, she was fighting to catch her breath and to cope with the pure agony burning in her breasts. She sucked in air to feed her starved lungs and to try to ease a little the red raw burning in her chest. Another set of agonising pain began in her head as the man's fist grabbed at her hair, twisting cruelly and then hauled her to her feet. Her scalp was on fire, the tearing pain of her body weight threatening to rip the hair clean from her head. Once on her feet she stood passively as the officer's hands groped and felt all over her backside. His podgy fingers stroking and delving into the crease of her arse and then down under the backs of her thighs to her pussy.
        "Mmmm, she's wet. Sweat or arousal do you think?" he asked his watching companions.
        The men laughed.
        "Definitely arousal," one of the guards stated feigning seriousness.
        The officer chuckled.
        "Just what I thought."
        Gilly gave a stifled cry as the officer behind her grabbed at her trouser legs and tugged them quickly down around her ankles. She stood shamed once again, her tiny white panties doing little to retain what little modesty she had left. Tight and small they pulled across the mound of her pussy to define the shape of her pussy lips beneath. This was confirmed by the interested leering looks of the seated guards whose gazes were fixed firmly between the tops of her naked thighs. The woman tried to move one knee across the other and so to cover herself but failed; there was no hiding her shame however.  She stood in humiliation as they ogled her slender thighs and body, a most deep humiliation that only a woman could understand.
        Again the hands returned to her backside, sliding over her scantily covered mounds with a most lustful stroking of sheer repulsive lechery. Gilly choked a sob as his hand slid between her thighs to press his thumb up and against the slit of her pussy, forcing the thin material of her panties into the moist folds of her inner lips.
        "Think the bitch is ripe for fucking," the officer muttered in a thick and excited voice as he continued to explore her body. 
        Gilly groaned inwardly, it seemed that her worst fears were now actually going to come true. She tensed fearfully as both of the seated guards stood up but was grateful that they at least remained on the other side of the desk, a wooden barrier between them that gave some little degree of comfort to her.
        Without speaking a word, one guard reached across the desk and gasped hold of the connecting chain of the handcuffs securing her wrists. He gave a huge and sickening grin and then tugged hard at her wrists, jerking her forward and pulling her face down across the desk. Her breasts were crushed beneath her on the hard wooden surface and her thighs pulled tightly against the hard edge. She was rendered immovable, bent over with her backside presented to all, her arms pulled out in front of her and held securely by the sniggering guard.
        Gilly cried out as her panties were ripped from her body by the panting officer; the side elastic refusing to give and cutting painfully into the crease at the top of her thigh. She screamed as the man ripped and tore in a heated sexual frenzy to bare her lower body, her pussy and anus now on display to all.
        "Nooooo!" she wailed as she felt his long hard erection pressing against and down the crease of her arse. She sobbed even more loudly as he gripped her hips and located the head of his cock against the tight, puckered ring of her anus.
        "Oh God no, please not there! Don't...please don't!"
        He forced in, the great head of his cock stretching the little ring of muscles brutally, ripping her sphincter apart as the thick shaft pressed ever upward. Up and up he forced into the screaming girl until the whole of his long cock was buried deeply up inside her rectum.
        The watching guards laughed heartily at her discomfort and shame as the officer began a hard thrusting up into her slim body.
        The guards held her arms fast as her body was jerked and battered by his urgent thrusting. The searing pain in her backside was excruciating, the thick rod of his cock tearing at her delicate insides. Gilly wailed and sobbed as her backside was brutally defiled, that it was in front of others simply made the whole sorry episode far, far worse. 
Harder and faster he thrust into her, slamming his hips hard against her firm buttocks in his drive to force every last inch of his cock into her. Again and again he lunged into her soft body, jerking his hips upward on the end of each thrust to rub the head of his cock against her delicate insides and thereby increasing further her pain and discomfort. The officer grunted loudly at the feel of her tight tunnel and warm soft interior around his pulsing cock. He tensed, grunted again and came, shooting his load of come deep upside her rectum and pulling back hard on her hips as he injected his seed into her. He finished in long slow strokes and then pulled out of her torn arsehole to allow the little ring of muscles to resume their previous clenched proportions.
         Stupidly, Gilly though that at last her suffering was over, in her great relief she had forgotten the other guards, one of which was already fumbling at his crotch to release his throbbing erection. She groaned deeply as the man offered the stiff member before her face, holding it proudly with one hand and chuckling at her look of revulsion.
        "Suck it bitch," the guard ordered and offered the head of his cock close to her mouth.
        She shook her head. 
        "No," she sobbed, "not that. Haven't you done enough to me already?"
        The second guard, now by her side with his long baton raised, echoed his colleague's demand.
        "Suck it you slut."
        Gilly shook her head and braced herself. Her back arched and her head threw back as the thick baton slammed down across her buttocks. It was a most sickening thwack that echoed around the small room, hard ebony on tender flesh impacting with devastating force.  She cried out, the numbing pain burning deeply down through her soft buttocks, Gilly gagged and sucked in air as the whole of her backside became afire with burning pain.
        "Suck it I said," the guard repeated angrily.
        When no response came he lashed down on her again in a most brutal and savage wallop of the hard wooden stick.  Gilly screamed, as she had never done before, her body jolted under the impact and pain such as she had never known seeped through her flesh. Again and again he lashed at her in a sadistic thrashing of sheer wanton brutality, eight times he stung the baton across her buttocks be fore paused to repeat the demand.
        "Suck it or suffer."
        "Okay! Okay!" she blurted, her voice then dropped to a low tone of defeat and total submission, "I'll do it just don't hit me again - please."
        "Amazing what a little encouragement can do isn't it?" the guard gloated.
        The girl opened her mouth and shut her eyes tightly, cringing in revulsion but accepting her fate as the lesser of two evils.
        "Not that cock, bitch," the officer sniggered and moved in to press the head of his cock again her lips.
        Shock registered in her brain, she opened her eyes to see the semi-erect cock that had been up her anus presented before her mouth. The head was a deep purple colour and the whole of it still glistened with her anal juices, his come and perhaps more.
        "Not after..." she uttered in disbelief and disgust, "you did my backside with it!"
        She screamed as the baton lashed down again, this time across the tender tops of her thighs to bite spitefully into her sensitive flesh. The jolt of her hips as the baton smacked at her legs crushed her clitoris against the edge of the table but it offered no sexual excitement or pleasure in such disgusting circumstances. Instantly she took the head of his cock into her mouth and began a greedy sucking on the softening member so as to forestall any further lashings. Gilly tensed as she felt another cock nudging at the entrance to her pussy and then groaned as it slid easily up inside her pussy to begin a frantic pumping into her body.
        It was difficult for her to maintain the grip on the officer's cock with her mouth as the man behind her rammed into her time and again in a heated excitement of pure sexual lust. She was jerked and jolted brutally as the man pleasured himself in her. At last he came, she felt the excited little warm spurts of his come jetting up inside her and then sighed with relief as he pulled his cock out.
        The laughing officer withdrew also and took over the grip on her wrists from the third man. He chuckled more heartily as the last guard fed his cock into the woman's mouth and forced his huge erect cock far into the back of her throat. The guard's hand gripped her hair to hold her head steady then he began fucking her mouth in long and powerful strokes of his cock. The man pumped his hips to feed his length fully in, chortling triumphantly as the girl gagged and choked on his thick shaft. The guard didn't last long, the sight of the slut bent over and struggling to breathe plus the feel of her warm, soft mouth around his cock brought him off. He shot his copious quantity of sperm into her throat, his cock pulsing in excited jerks to empty himself into her mouth. He delighted in the way the surplus sperm that she couldn't swallow oozed out between the seal of her lips and his cock to dribble down the sides of her mouth. He finished slowly, moaning his pleasure both at his orgasm and at her obvious distress.
        As his cock slipped out of her mouth Gilly spat the vile tasting globules from her mouth, gagged and then vomited as she sobbed heavily in deep misery. The grip on her wrists released and she slid down to the floor, her body shaken by her sobbing, to curl up in a ball and to weep her self-pity and shame to the floorboards.

                                                ***

Preparation the guard had called it but to the women it seemed clinical and aesthetic, like that of a slaughterhouse rather than a normal room. The white titled walls and floor with a small drain in the centre sent shivers of terror flooding through them. The group of eight women were herded silently into the centre of the room, their heads hanging down in solemn defeat. All had been raped, most several times; their arses, mouths and pussies abused and brutally invaded. The fight was gone from them, previous rebelliousness, they had already found, didn't pay in this prison.
        Two guards were present, standing to the sides of the room and back in the corners. They held their wicked long batons at the ready and ogled the gathered women lecherously.
        "Strip naked," one guard shouted, "and be quick about it."
        All had tasted the sting of the baton on their bodies and did not want to repeat the experience; they stripped their remaining clothes quickly and silently under the leering gazes of the guards. Once again the women stood in shame, naked and with their heads bowed as the guards passed filthy and lewd comments between them. Laughing and joking about the size of the women's breasts, the amount of pubic hair and the shape of their backsides, each woman was commented on in turn to add to their humiliation.
        The women screamed and huddled together in a group as the ice cold jets of water stung their bodies. One from either corner where the laughing guards played the hoses on them, the powerful jets stinging harshly at their already bruised bodies.
        "Wash those pretty little pussies and arses," one guard shouted above the shrieks and screams. "Make them nice and clean for us men to use again."
        The women washed, rubbing and soaping their pussies and arses in an effort to remove the semen still dribbling from their orifices. Some of the women also washed their mouths but all wept in misery as they bathed in the cold water.  With their bodies still wet and without being given the opportunity to dry, the women were herded into the next room, a stark room with a most terrifying item standing in the centre of it. 
The long wooden table was both wide and worn with use, waist height and sturdily constructed it looked a most ominous and frightening implement. Wide brown leather straps were attached to both ends and in the centre a wide waist belt was riveted to the sides, all obviously designed to pin the unfortunate person to the hard, scrubbed surface. Toward one end there was a sloping raised pad that seemed to be strategically placed so as to push the imprisoned person's hips up high and to expose their sex.
        The women were lined up against the wall, all held their hands down protectively over their pussies, terror was etched in their expressions. One or two gave soft little whimpers of fear as the guards looked along the line making their selection.
        The little redhead screamed as the smiling guard pointed to her with his baton.
        "No! Please not me!" she wailed pathetically, "take one of the others, I'm too young."
        The girl struggled as the guard grasped her by the wrist, she pulled and wriggled frantically to try to break his grip on her and to avoid being dragged over to the bench. The girl then cried out as both guards set about her with their batons, thudding the heavy wooden clubs down on her thighs and upper arms. It was a ferocious onslaught of a beating, clubbing the girl hard, beating her slim body until she collapsed and slumped to the floor to lie as a lifeless heap.
        The panting guard, the front of his light coloured trousers pushed out in a tent as his stiff cock pressed against them, addressed the rest of the woman triumphantly.
        "Anyone else want to argue?"
        Both guards grasped now at the wrists of the little brunette girl, she gave no resistance whatsoever but simply whimpered her fears as she was dragged over to the bench. They lifted her, one guard taking her legs the other, his hands circling her body from behind and clutching her breasts, up onto the bench. A pale and frail little body hoisted up so easily by two large and muscular sun-bronzed men. The girl was strapped down, her hips forced upward by the sloping dais to raise her pubic mound higher than the rest of her body. Her back as arched and her hips forced high, her body weight resting on her shoulders. Her wrists were buckled securely into the restraining straps, her ankles too with her knees pulled wide apart and the red gash of her pussy on display to all. The girl drew breath as the wide waist belt was fitted around her slim waist and pulled tight to pin her immovably to the wooden surface. She lay there in the forced position like a scene from a delivery room of a maternity hospital, her hips forced up high and her thighs held wide apart to either give birth or to receive into her body.
        Several of the watching girls sighed in relief for their friend as the guards prepared the shaving foam and the razors, their fears now reduced to simple apprehension, all decency having been previously shredded from them already. They watched in silent fascination as the guard used the slim and pointed hairdresser's scissors to snip away her pubic hair and to reduce it down to a low stubble. The depilation continued as the guard lathered a thick foam onto the bristles of the shaving brush and worked in and all around her sex lips and mound.
        Working deftly with a cutthroat razor the second guard scrapped away all of her pubic hair, allowing himself a feel of her upper thighs with his other hand as he worked. He rinsed her pussy and patted it dry, adding a dusting of talcum powder to the bald and shaven lips of her sex.
        "Mmmm," he said in satisfaction as he put the towel aside, "A nice little pink clit sticking up haven't you slut."
        He dipped his head and kissed her protruding clit, licking and sucking on it nosily as he tasted the young girl's body. As his mouth worked on her pussy his hands fumbled to release his hard cock, dropping his trousers around his ankles and giving his throbbing cock a luxuriously long squeeze. The man pushed his tongue far up inside the girl's body, curling it and searching her moist, warm interior. He withdrew then to scrape the flat of his tongue in long cat-like stokes over her hard bud.
        The girl tensed and uttered a soft whimper that portrayed her building arousal under the attention that her pussy was receiving, reluctant though it may have been. Her body was gripped by a series of tiny contractions that further displayed her body's response to his teasing.
        "Like that do you, slut?" he chuckled and gave three more long slow licks over hard bud.
        The guard paused to pick up a clean shaving brush; he tested the stiff bristles before applying it dry to her pulsing pink bud. He began massaging it around in tight little circles to drive the girl into a series of hip-jerking spasms and to cause her the pull at her restraints as the waves of pleasure tore through her.
        The watching women were silent and flushed; all could sense the rising sexual arousal within their friend. Their eyes flicked back and forth in heated expectation, first to the girl and then to the guard's stiff cock. All wanted to see the inevitable act of her receiving what she obviously now needed.
        The girl's hips began to rise and fall, meeting the thousand teasing bristles that were working their magic to stimulate her throbbing clit. She gasped and sighed as the head of the guard's cock located in the entrance to her pussy and pushed in until the whole of his great length was up inside her little body. The brushing of her clit continued as his cock began to pump in and out of her body, the man massaged the bristles around her little bud to bring her to the very highest peak of arousal. Her head thrashed side to side and her mouth hung invitingly open as she sucked in air to feed the thrilling sensations. That inviting mouth received a visitor in the form of the second guard who offered his cock into her gaping cavern. The girl went wild, wriggling her body and pulling at her bonds, she sucked greedily on the big cock her mouth as her sex was used and teased.
        The second guard came instantly, squirting his thick come far to the back of her throat as the girl bucked and jerked in orgasm. The first guard then came also, jerking his seed far up inside her warm body before pulling out and finishing his orgasm with his hand in slow and luxurious strokes of his cock. He laughed loudly and addressed the watching women.
        "Wasn't so bad - was it?" he gloated.
        All of the other women nodded, their faces flushed in excited arousal, their expressions portrayed their own eagerness to take their turn strapped to the bench.
        "But!" the guard added with a smile and paused to point to the doorway at the back of the room, "an added little surprise for you all."
        Through the doorway stepped a third man, a weasel faced and balding man in his mid-forties wearing a white clinical overall. He paused momentarily to give a wry and hideous smile before walking over to the side of the wooden bench. He laid a small black velvet pouch on the girl's stomach and took his time unrolling it to reveal the instruments contained within.
        The watching women all stared open-mouthed and wide eyed in disbelief at the array of shiny metal instruments now on display before them. One of the women fainted, her knees buckling to slump her to the floor in an ungainly heap.
        "Leave her!" one guard snapped angrily as two other women went to her aid.
        The weasel-faced man selected a long and thick needle made of stainless steel, he held it up to show the glinting sharp point and chuckled heartily as the brunette on the table began to scream.
        "Silence her," he said calmly to the watching guard and continued his preparations unabated.
        The girl had a ball gag forced roughly into her mouth, her jaws were stretched wide as were her eyes as the panic and terror rose within her. She muttered her protests into the gag and her little body writhed and struggled uselessly against the secure leather straps pinning her down.
        The weasel faced man used a cigarette lighter to heat the point of the needle, running the flame slowly back and forth until the end of the needle glowed red with the heat. With his left hand he gripped her left nipple between finger and thumb and stretched the pink bud hard upward to stretch it painfully away from her body. In one deft and practiced move he pressed the point of the needle against the side of her nipple and pushed the needle clean through to the other side.
        The girl's body jerked and shuddered in reaction to the burning pain searing through her nipple and breast. Her back tried to arch again the restraining strap and her thighs tensed and juddered in involuntary spasm as the pain registered in her brain. Her head lifted, straining forward to lift her shoulders from the hard bench and her head shaking in denial that this could really be happening to her. Her knees quivered in uncontrollable jerking and then she slumped back to the table in a distant and semi-conscious state.
        Two more of the watching women fainted and that pleased the weasel man, his head threw back and he emitted a most evil laugh before repeating the process on her other nipple. Once both nipples were pierced he slipped a small gold ring into each, using a pair of pliers to close the rings and to seal them permanently to her body.
        He looked up at the terrified women, his deep dark eyes conveying the evil within him. His lips curled back in a most gruesome of smiles, he pointed with his crooked bony finger.
        "And the next one please."
        The tall willowy blonde girl Kathy then began to scream uncontrollably, smashing her fists hard against the wall in a display of terror that only a caged animal could out act. She was weeping heavily, her face now pressed to the walk, her knees buckled and she slid down to the floor to slump defeated and terror-stricken. In her dazed state she was only vaguely aware of being lifted and carried, then being strapped down onto the table by the guards. At that point her screaming restarted with a fervent passion to be stifled rudely as the ball-gag was forced into her mouth.

                                                     ***

It was a time of numbed silence for the eight women. Following the nipple piercing they each sat on their beds in the large communal dormitory, coping with the numbing pain and the feel of the metal additions to their bodies and their bald pussies.  All were sobbing and yet all were angry, the atmosphere was heatedly charged with a deafening silence of sheer hatred.
        "Bastards!" one girl spat angrily.
        "Fucking shit bastards," another echoed emphatically and all others muttered their agreement.
        The women fell silent as two different guards entered the dormitory followed by another man in a white doctor's coat carrying a medical bag. The men marched confidently into the middle of the room and then paused. The doctor stood cockily eyeing the naked women lecherously, running his gaze down over each part of their bodies in turn.
        "You first," the big senior guard said and pointed to a petite little blonde with wide blue eyes, "bend over your bed."
        The girl scrambled to comply, fearful of another beating or worse should she fail to please. She stood at one side of her bed, stretched over to rest her hands on the opposite side, her buttocks raised and presented. She rested there passively, her shoulders shaken by her sobbing as the big guard slapped at her behind with the open palm of his hand. Her body jolted violently under the heavy impact of his great strength and she screamed as the red-hot burning sensations crept down through her reddened flesh. Again and again his great hand slammed down to thwack noisily on her soft flesh. She wailed her misery to the whole dormitory as he beat the girl's backside soundly. 
Ten hard slaps he gave her before stepping in closer and freeing his cock. He pressed the huge head of it against her anus and pushed fully up into her backside with great lunge of his hips. The girl screamed and sobbed as the man fucked her arse in full view of all of the watching women and men. Her body was jolted and jerked violently as he pounded his hips against to drive his cock even further up her tight tunnel as brutally as he possibly could.
He groaned loudly in satisfaction as he came, pulling his cock out to jet spurts of his come up over her buttocks and the small of her back. He then stepped aside to let the doctor do his work.
        The doctor, a man in is early fifties with greying hair and a big bulbous nose hummed softly as he busied himself preparing his equipment. He pushed one end of the thin rubber tubing up inside her anus and held the other end high above his shoulder. The man attached a funnel and then poured a large quantity soapy liquid down through the tube.
        "Oh God," the girl whimpered fearfully, "my stomach hurts...it's full...I can't...hold it in."
        On and on he poured until the big bottle was empty, the whole two litres of it now stretching her insides to bursting point. With a casual ease he ripped the end of the tube from her anus and stood back smiling as the girl tensed and clenched her buttocks tightly together to retain the liquid inside her body.
        "Don't let it out," the big guard sang threateningly, "or suffer for it you will."
        The girl gave a low groan as the trickle began; a running bead of soapy liquid escaped her tight arsehole and trickled down over her pussy and onto her inner thighs.
        "Hold it in!" the guard snapped in irritation and thumped his baton down hard on the small of her back.
        That was the trigger needed, her body tensed and even more pressure was put on straining bowels. The girl screamed and then wailed as the powerful jet of liquid spurted from her arse to fan out in a forceful spray of deep humiliating defecation. The mucky liquid coated her buttock cheeks and thighs, trickling down her legs to puddle around her ankles. She slumped forward onto the bed sobbing her shame into the coarse woollen blanket, her whole body wracked by great heaving sobs.
        "Defiant slut," the guard raved angrily and turned to the other guard, "take her away, she can serve as the example during the punishment session this afternoon."

                                                        ***

The women bathed and showered in the relative luxury and privacy of the accommodation block washrooms, a few hours free to settle in they had been given and were most grateful for it. They took time to cleanse their abused bodies and to try to come to terms with the brutality of the regime at the prison camp. They were muted and silent mostly, each deeply engrossed in their own thoughts of shame and self-pity. It was a slightly older girl, a dark haired girl of about 28 with a New England accent that broke the silence. When she spoke her tone was harsh and bitter, the words spat out almost as though they had a taste so foul that it should be removed from her lips. What she said however, reflected the feelings that each of the girls held.
        "The bastard guards can fuck my cunt, my arse and my mouth - but they still won't break my spirit." 
        Those few words heartened and encouraged all, smiles returned to their faces and heads lifted in renewed rebelliousness.
        "Good for you," the little redhead encouraged, "I feel likewise."
        Others added their agreement and much backslapping and hugging followed. The dark-haired girl spoke again, heartened by her friends support.
        "I will defy them if only silently and in my mind. They can have my body - I can't stop them - but my mind they never will get."
        "Forceful words indeed," the guard mocked loudly as he stood at the end of the row of showers, his baton at the ready and a huge grin on his face.
        The women hung their heads, they hadn't heard the guard approach, so wrapped up in their own glory were they that he had arrived unnoticed by them, now, they would surely suffer for their rebellious thinking.
        "Lunch time!" the guard said brightly and waved his baton toward the door to usher the naked women out.
        Surprised that a beating hadn't followed their plotting, the women cowered fearfully as they passed him, several scampering past with their arms raised defensively lest he should strike at them. They moved rapidly along a corridor toward the dining hall, watched along the way by other guards eager to ogle the display of naked female flesh offered to them. The guards leered and drooled, lusting after the wiggling backsides and bouncing tits.
 In the huge hall they were made to kneel, naked and in a line ready to receive their meal. Plates of food were placed on the wooden floor before them, tempting and wholesome food that looked so mouth-watering to the hungry girls.
"Hands behind your backs girls," the guard announced loudly and laughed, "No cutlery for you, eat like the bitches you are - worthless dogs."
So hungry were the women that they simply dipped their heads and began to eat noisily from the plates using their mouths only and their backsides sticking up in the air. 
The guard walked down the line, slamming his baton hard onto the presented buttocks as he went, landing a sting blow to each of the women and working his way toward the defiant slut at the end of the line. 
 The dark-haired girl, the rebel in the showers, didn't move an inch. She sat back on her heels with her head high and chest out proudly refusing the food.
The guard moved up to stand behind her, tapped her on the shoulder with his baton and commanded.
"Eat, you slut."
The girl shook her head.
"I'm not a dog."
She screamed as he gasped her hair at the top and bunched his fingers into a tight fist to pull painfully on her scalp. He lifted her slightly, the greater part of her body weight hanging by just her hair.
"Eat," he repeated threateningly through gritted teeth.
"Not like this," she responded defiantly.
Her head shook from side to side as he jerked her, she was dragged to the side and then spun around on her knees. The baton thudded heavily down on her thighs and back, beating at her body as he dragged her around the floor by the hair. The girl screamed in pain and used both hands to clamp over his fist to try to ease the tearing pain in her scalp. Time and again she was jerked and tossed around like a rag doll in a mind whirling jerking that confused her brain. At last her face was pushed hard down into the plate of hot food, his great hand and brute strength crushing her face into the sloppy mess.
"Eat!" the guard shouted and kicked at her crotch between her flailing legs.
The girl's body went limp, her arms beat at the wooden floor to indicate her submission and she relented. The grip on her head was released and she ate, sobbing heavily as she gulped the food into her mouth, defeated and humiliated she cried throughout her meal.
"One more for the punishment session," the guard crowed triumphantly and continued to lash at her body with the long baton, "suffer for your defiance you most certainly will, slut!"
        
                                                ***

Later that day the remaining six women were herded out of the dormitory hut and made to kneel in line on the dusty dirt of the compound.  A thin chain, gold in colour but strong and close-linked, now connected the women by their nipple rings, each clipped to the other and reliant on the other women not to pull and to add pain to their discomfort. It was a most effect of shackling, pinned by their most sensitive body parts the women readily complied now with any movement order given. Working together to move in file, each anxious to keep in step and avoid any unnecessary contrary movement that would bring much further pain to their already battered bodies.
It was the hottest time of the day and the scorching sun beat down relentlessly to add to their naked discomfort. Across the other side of the wooden frameworks and to both sides, other groups of women knelt, the existing prisoners of the prison all facing in to the central punishment frames.
        The girl from the dormitory that had failed to hold the liquid in her bowels hung suspended by the thumbs, her feet clear of the ground and her head slumped chin on chest. She was naked, her full body weight hanging on just her two thumbs and her body bore the marks of the baton that had raised reddened welts and deep purple bruising. Next to her hung the black-haired girl from the shower room that had refused to eat, she too was bound if, differently from her friend. Her wrists were bound together behind her back with her arms outstretched behind her and pulled painfully back against the joints. Her ankles were bound and raised also to suspend her clear of the floor like a sky diver in flight, a most painful of positions and she too bore the marks of the baton.
        "Listen up sluts," the senior guard announced to the latest arrivals, "punishment follows any defiance. These sessions are publicly held so as to be a lesson to you all," he paused and grinned sadistically, "ignore it at your peril."
        The senior guard nodded the signal and the jailer stepped closer to the first girl. Bronzed and stripped to the waist the man was large and powerful, his bulging biceps and broad chest gave a clear indication of the strength within his well-developed body. A simple loincloth covered his hips and crotch to leave his muscular thick thighs on display to all. 
It was the girl from the dormitory that he chose, the little brunette with the neat little tits and nicely rounded arse that had expelled the soapy liquid from her backside. He gripped her left nipple between finger and thumb and squeezed hard to draw a gasp of pain from the suspended girl. He sniggered as he pulled and twisted the tender bud to turn her gasps into full-bodied screams of pain. Deftly he worked to fit the little stainless steel clamp over her nipple and to tighten the threaded worm-screw down to bring an even but agonising pressure to the soft bud.
As the two halves of the little metal clamp pinched harder down the girl began to scream uncontrollably, her head back and mouth open to wail her agony to the sky above. Her body began to convulse in reaction to the intense pain as her nipple was gradually crushed flat and a drip of blood oozed out of the end. For one whole minute she endured the crushing agony, screaming a pitiful wailing as the heated pain flowed through her body and mind. She panted hard in relief as the screw was unwound and the pressure on her bud released, the girl hung there sucking in air to her starved lungs as the guards mocked her with their excited laughter. The girl's screams were renewed however, when the jailer repeated the crushing of her right nipple, this time screwing the two little metal plates even hard down and closer together.
The girl gave a huge sigh, her eyes rolled in their sockets and then she fainted. When she came around several moments later there was an unbearable pull down on her nipple rings, heavy weights had been added, attached by thin cords they wrenched her nipple rings harshly downward to threaten to tear the metal rings clean from her flesh. The girl sobbed as the realisation hit home to her that the pain was likely to continue and perhaps increase for her.
The senior guard called to her.
"Apologise, slut, for your failure to comply."
The girl sobbed and pleaded urgently.
"Sorry, I'm so very sorry. I will comply, please just stop this."
The senior guard laughed, mocking her begging.
"Not good enough, you worthless bitch."
He nodded to the jailer to recommence the torture and gripped his hard cock through his trousers to squeeze it rhythmically as he watched the girl in pain. 
The jailer grinned and held up the cigarette lighter, flicking it deliberately to ignite it before the sobbing girl's face.
"No! Please no," she begged fearfully as the lighter was moved down and held underneath her left nipple.
Her eyes locked wide and her mouth gaped open and clamped shut in a silent pleading for mercy. Her body was sent into a series of involuntary spasms as the agonising pain flowed from her roasted nipple. For five seconds her agony lasted before he relented and scorched her other soft and stretched bud. 
The girl fainted twice during her agony but was revived each time by a bucket of cold water thrown over her by a waiting guard. She hung there, weeping and sobbing her misery, awaiting the next evil ministrations of the bastard jailer.
The jailer cut the cord by which she hung, dropping the girl heavily to her knees on the dusty compound below her, the weights on her burned nipple jarring violently to send yet more waves of excruciating pain flooding through her.
"Hands and knees," the jailer ordered gruffly, "Get on your hands and knees, bitch."
She complied, despite the raw agony in her breasts she knelt as commanded, her breasts pulled savagely down beneath her body by the hanging weights attached to them.
With his left hand the jailer lifted his loincloth to reveal a thick and long cock, sticking up hard and erect, its shaft gnarled and knobbly from years of use. The man positioned himself behind her, pressed the big head of his cock against her arse hole and pushed in with a fearfully powerful lunge that forced the whole length of his cock up inside her in one go.
The little girl wailed her discomfort and shame as the brute began riding her, slamming hard against her frail body to pump his great length in and out of her torn ring of muscles. She wailed and screamed but to no avail, the brutal fucking of her arse continued in a heated excitement of sheer sadistic buggery. She seemed so small again his great bulk, her frail and pale body battered mercilessly under the hard thrusting of his wide hips. Her head jerked and her body jolted as he rammed hard into her time and again in a frantic shagging of her tight little tunnel.
At last the man came, groaning loudly as he squirted his thick seed far up inside her little body and he slapped playfully at her backside with his great hand as he finished in slow and long strokes of his great shaft. He pulled out of her, a mix of blood-streaked semen coating the whole of his glistening cock.
Proudly he stood towering over the sobbing girl, looking down on the pathetic little wretch and cleaning his cock carefully with the cloth around his loins. The jailer readied his lash, a short wooden handle with eight long leather strands dangling from the end. He made much of teasing the strands out carefully, towering commandingly over her as the girl whimpered constantly in fear and pain.
"Now the lash, slut," he said and raised the whip high above his shoulder.
The girl shrieked in pain as the whip descended and struck her pale flesh. The eight thin leather strands all stung at her buttocks at the same time to bring a most excruciating set of pain waves that crashed through her body like a tidal wave. She began to crawl, scurrying away from him on her hands and knees in an effort to evade any more lashes, the heavy nipple weights swinging beneath her and tearing at her tender buds to further increase her suffering. She scrabbled hurriedly, twisting, turning and cowering from the savagery of the leather whip.
He followed, chasing the fleeing girl and lashing time and again at her reddened body to catch her on not only her buttocks but her back and thighs also. It was a frantic and brutal assault on the little girl, a most sadistic thrashing of sheer wanton cruelty that lasted for some seventeen hard lashes before he paused.
"Rejoin your friends," he spat in disgust and kicked out at the girl to drive her back to resume her place in the line.
His attentions then turned to the black-haired girl hanging and ready. His instructions for her were to really make an example of her and he felt his cock jerk to semi-hardness again at that thought.
The senior guard unzipped his trousers and moved to the first girl in the line, his gaze though never left the central frame area and the girl about to receive her punishment. He offered his cock to the girl's mouth and moaned his delight as her soft warm lips closed around the head and then slid down the length of his shaft. He nodded to the jailer to commence and then shifted his hips forward to push even more of his cock into the kneeling girl's throat.
The jailer pulled on the supporting rope to raise the black haired girl's legs higher than the rest of her body. She remained suspended face down toward the soil but with her knees now above her head, her thighs parted wide and her sex offered unhindered in open display. With her arms pulled harshly back behind her it was a position that resembled that of a figurehead on a ship, her head and shoulders thrust forward and her chest pushed out and down to the ground.
The jailer busied himself attaching double heavy weights to her nipple rings; he chuckled loudly as he released the weights to hang free and to stretch her soft buds almost to tearing point. Her agonising screaming pleased him greatly; his work was going well if she wailed so convincingly. 
Once the weights had been fitted, the man walked back around and between her open thighs, his face level now with the wailing girl's pussy. He began to lick, forcing his tongue far up inside her gaping sex to delight in her gagging of revulsion. He licked and tasted much, running his tongue up and dawn her wet slit and nibbling often on the pink prawn of her clitoris. The jailer paused in his licked to grip her clitoris between his teeth, his cock jerked as he felt the girl tense. His cock pulsed in throbbing excitement and he came instantly as he bit down hard on her tender love button to sink his teeth in deeply into her soft flesh.
The girl vomited, the incredible pain simply too much to bear. Her body was racked by spasm after spasm of reactionary convulsions and blood dripped from the out lips of her pussy.
The smiling jailer, his lips smeared with blood, stepped back and readied his whip, aiming the lash down between her parted thighs to the mound at their centre. He held it high above his shoulder and gave a low evil laugh, as he swung down hard to lash the strands of leather savagely onto her open pussy and bleeding clitoris.
Her body jerked, vomit again spurted from her mouth and the weights on her nipples began to tear the flesh under her violent bouncing. 
Again he lashed and then again, striking down hard on the woman's bruised sex and only halting in the ferocious assault when her body slumped and she fell into unconsciousness.
The senior guard came, emptying his thick come into the back of the kneeling girl's throat. He held her head steady and rutted into her face to complete his orgasm and to empty all of his juice into her mouth.
"Learn well from today's display," he cautioned the horrified women, "punishment here is most severe, rebel - and suffer."
He held the sucking girl's head and wiped his cock clean in her hair, using her silky strands to remove the thick globules of come from his shaft.

                                             ***

The prison governor stood on the porch looking across the compound area as the women were herded out of the dormitory the following morning. He watched the line of seven naked women shuffling out and down the steps, connected together by the nipple chains. He gave a low groan and ogled the slender bodies greedily before his gaze fell on and fixed on one woman in particular.
        "The tall blonde with the long hair," he asked of the senior guard next to him, "what is she like?"
        The guard smiled broadly.
        "She has a good firm body, nice tits and arse, she has the facial looks and the mouth to bring any man off simply by talking. Sensual and sexy the slut is a delight even to look at and, she is an excellent fuck into the bargain."
        The governor nodded his acknowledgement and his face creased in a wry smile.
        "Perfect, simply perfect," he said almost absently, turned back to go into his office, paused to issue the order, "take her to my private quarters - now."
        
                                                    ***

The women were now down to six in number again after the blonde had been detached from the chains and led away. The remaining newcomers were led out of the front gate and along the track, escorted as always by two guards, one at either end of the file. For hundreds of yards they walked, taking the track alongside the swamp and heading deeper and deeper into the thick undergrowth. For about twenty minutes they walked until they were halted at a small clearing that showed signs of the trees having been recently cut down. There, they were set to work, forming a line to use the pickaxes and shovels provided to clear the undergrowth further still back from the track.
        Under the relentless heat and humidity of the swamps the women worked, toiling hard and together to please their masters and to avoid yet another beating and possibly worse. Gnats bit at their sweat-glistened bodies and perspiration ran down their foreheads and formed in rivulets to run down in between their swelling breasts. The occasional tug on the chain and in turn their nipple rings ensured that they worked as one and none slacked. 
        The guards amused themselves, walking down the line of women feeling and fondling their arses and slipping their fingers up inside the offered pussies and tight little bums of the bending women. Soon though they tired of the groping and sought shade under a nearby tree, sitting casually and lounging back comfortably to chat idly as they watched the naked female bodies move and sway. 
For two and a half hours the women worked until at last they were called to halt by the sniggering guards. One guard, a huge black Negro, stood and carried a water bottle over the chain gang, he laughed heartily at the longing expressions of the women and the way they licked their lips in hope of water been provided for them. He released the little redhead from the end of the chain gang and had her kneel before him, the man towered over her, dwarfing her imp-like pale body. The guard drank noisily from the water bottle, ensuring to spill some from his lips and to let it run down the front of his shirt.
        "Want some water?" he asked as he finished drinking.
        The little redhead looked up with hopeful and pleading eyes, she swallowed hard and nodded several times.
        "Yes," she croaked, her throat dry and parched, "yes please."
        The man leant down to bring his face close to hers.
        "And what, little girly, could you do for me in return I wonder?"
        She swallowed and glanced at his crotch.
        "I could...suck your...cock."
        He laughed loudly.
        "Of course you could, but I could make you do that anyway."
        "You could fuck my arse," she offered hopefully.
        Again he gave a low and long laugh of pure mocking.
        "I have seen it all in my time here and tire of cock sucking and fucking your arses. I want something different, something far more exciting." He paused and looked down to her again, his voice full of knowing coaxing and repeated in a softer tone, "something different."
        The girl pondered, her eyes fixed on the canteen of water, her dry and cracked lips seeming even drier now and her thirst a raving craving to be sated. She would she felt, sell her very sole for a few drops of water.
        The second guard wandered casually over and stood watching and listening as the young girl desperately tried to think of some way to please him and to gain the drink that she sorely needed.
        "I could..." she said and hesitated and cast a nervous glance across at the watching women, "make love with one of the other girls."
        There were gasps of horror from the other women.
        The guard roared with laughter, his head back and big belly shaking as he mocked her.
        "Seen it many times - something else."
        His cock had stiffened within his trousers and pushed the front out to form a huge and unmistakable bulge beneath the thin material.
        "I don't know then," the girl whimpered pathetically, her bottom lip quivering as she felt hope eluding her.
        That pleased the guard and he mocked her more, bringing attention to her blubbering.
        "Stand!" he snapped when his mirth was finished, "stand and part your legs, you little whore."
        "Not a whore," she said softly as she struggled to her feet.
        The baton swung savagely into the pit of her stomach in a hard and thudding blow that knocked the breath from her and caused her to double up in pain clutching at her stomach. The guard wrenched her head back violently and brought his face close to hers, his lips curled back in an angry sneer.
        "You offer to suck cock and give your arse  - all for a little water. You are a whore and nothing less, you pathetic winging apology for a woman."
        He shoved her head away from him in disgust and motioned with the baton that she should stand as directed.
        The girl did so, trying to suck in air and shifting her feet apart to offer her shaven pussy parted and ready.
        The white guard strolled slowly around to stand behind her as the black guard released his trousers.
        All of the women gasped in amazement as his thick and long cock sprang free of his restricting clothing, it stood out proud and rigid, a monster cock that none have ever seen the like of before. It was truly enormous, so thick and so long that the little redhead tried to back away fearfully only to be halted by the guard behind her.
        The Negro offered the huge bulbous head of his cock close to her pussy and held it there proudly as he looked down at her.
        The girl eased her knees wider; staring in horror at the great size of the cock she was about to have shoved into her body. She whimpered at that thought and began to sob.
        "Pee on it," the Negro ordered, "pee on my cock."
        The little redhead was mortified, her head lifted and she looked up into his face for sign of jest but there were none.
        "Please, don't make me do this, please don't."
        The black guard's expression was set and serious.
        "I told you to pee on it," he snarled.
        Behind her, the girl felt the head of the second guards' cock rubbing against the crease of her arse, sliding up and down her crack in search of her tiny little bum hole. His hands gripped her hips to hold her steady and she gasped as the head located at the puckered entrance and the pressure increased.
        "Okay, okay," she pleaded, "I'll do it, I'll do it, just give me a moment."
        The girl's face flushed red under the withering stare of the other women, she strained and grunted but nothing happened. She cried out as the head of the white guard's cock forced into her anus and began working its way up her tight rear tunnel. The flow began, a trickle at first and then a flood, a hot stream jetting out to splash and to coat the huge black cock with warm yellow urine.
        The big black man moaned his pleasure at the feel of it and nudged his cock into the entrance of her pussy, pressing the great head into her inner lips. The resulting blockage diffused the jet of urine into a fan of a spray that coated her body and thighs as well as his.
 She cried out and gripped the black man's shoulders as he forced his huge cock far up inside her little body to lift her onto tiptoe as he reached the hilt. His pubic bone and thick matt of coarse black hair was crushed against her bald mound. Urine now trickled down around his balls, dribbling down his legs to puddle at his feet, the guard moaned in pleasure as the warm flow of body fluid continued.
Several of the watching women looked away, unable to stomach the revolting act being imposed on their friend.
The guards began to fuck her, both at the same time, one from in front up her pussy and the other from behind up her arse. They lunged into her time and again in a most brutal fucking of the frail little girl's body.
Her head and body were jerked and jolted under the dual pounding, she was lifted bodily as the great hips slammed into her in tandem to crush her between the two great brutes. Harder and faster they fucked her, her screams adding to the thrill and urging them on to increase her suffering by driving harder still up her.  Harder and harder they lunged into her, laughing merrily as they abused the young girl and delighting in her frantic cries for mercy. At length they came, both guards together shooting their thick cream up into her body and moaning their satisfaction aloud as they did so. Their orgasms completed, the guards slipped their cocks out of her and insisted that she stand as she was whilst the thick globules of their come trickled from her orifices. The girl stood as instructed, her head and gaze downcast, the shame and humiliation too much to bear, she sobbed softly under the stare of all present.
"Well, whore," the big black man said at last, "you would starve if selling your body - it failed to please."
"Oh God no!" the girl blurted.
He laughed aloud at her reaction.
"Punishment follows," he sang in mockery.
The girl fainted and slumped to the ground unable to bear anything more from the beasts of the prison.

                                        ***

Angela was her name, the tall blonde girl with an ample bust and a figure that most women would kill for. She stood naked and proud before his wide mahogany desk, her back straight and chest pushed out as the governor sat ogling her. He leered and drooled silently, his main interest in her long rubbery nipples and the swelling orbs of her tits. He lounged back in his swivel chair on the other side of the desk, his gaze dropping occasionally down to her shaven pussy.
        "Turn," he instructed and stirred his finger lazily in the air.
        The governor ran his lecherous gaze down over the small of her back and the firm jutting buttocks with the tightly formed crease down the middle. Her long legs and slim thighs combined with her overall perfect shape to make her ideal for his purpose.
        "Turn back," he commanded and watched as the proud beauty faced him again.
        The governor sat silently for a few moments more, easing his stiff cock into an easier position within his trousers and then he made the offer.
        "I give you a choice, slut. Live in the huts as you have been, a prisoner at the mercy of the guards or live here with me under my personal protection."
        "Yes," she said instantly, "with you."
        He laughed at the rapidity of her response and then his tone became serious again, when he spoke again the warning contained within his words was all too clear.
        "Serve me willingly and loyally, without question or dissent," he paused and flashed her the coldest of stares, "otherwise, and be warned, that you will be returned to the guards with a special recommendation that you suffer greatly."
        "Still yes," she said firmly. It was her ticket to an easier life, away from the guards and their brutality, if she had to fuck the fat, balding man to achieve that, then so be it.
        The governor grunted and nodded his agreement; he beckoned her to come around to his side of the desk and stand close to him. 
        "Then let's put you to the test, slut. We will see just how compliant you are before I make my decision."
        The girl complied, positioning herself close to his chair and between his parted thighs, her knees just a couple of inches away from the bulge in his trousers.
        The governor reached up and covered her one of her tits with his right hand, his podgy fingers kneading and feeling with a greedy urgency. His left hand slid down to cup her bald pussy and to hook a finger up into her moist inner lips. He was sweating, his face flushed and his forehead and bald crown coated with a fine film of perspiration as his trembling hand pulled at the firm nipple. The nipple ring was twisted spitefully to draw gasps of pain from the tall blonde girl.
        "Sit," he croaked, his voice filled with excitement, "up on the desk and rest back."    
        The tall girl eased herself easily up onto the top of the desk, sat and rested back on her elbows, the position pushed her pubis up and forward, her hips raised and mound exposed. She smiled as she parted her knees wide to offer her open pussy to him, the erect bud of her clitoris jutting expectantly out from the top of her labia.
        The excited governor shuffled his wheeled swivel chair closer in to the desk, dipped his head and began eating at her gaping pussy. His hands stroked at her long slender thighs and he muttered contentedly as his tongue explored her wet cavern. After many minutes he sat back smiling and wiped the back of his hand across his mouth to remove her pussy juices. He sat silently for a few minutes more, staring down into the wet slit offered so readily to him, his fingers toyed idly with a pencil as he moved his gaze slowly up and down her shapely form.
        "Push this into your arse," he said at length and handed her the pencil.
        The girl rested her weight on her left elbow only and reached out to take the pencil with her right. She held it between finger and thumb, positioned the blunt end again the tight puckered ring of her anus and began easing the long pencil up into her back passage. Once two thirds of it was up her arse she rested back again on both elbows, the blue thin wooden phallus sticking out of her body.
        As he watched her, the governor fumbled with his trousers to free his throbbing erection, he groaned as it sprung free to stand up stiff and jutting from his lap.  He reached for a wooden ruler from the desk at the side of her, held it with the flat side down and then smacked it smartly down on the top of her thigh.
        She gasped and tensed, her internal muscles clamped momentarily around the pencil to jerk it into her slightly before she relaxed and it pushed out to its previous position.
        He slapped down again with the ruler, this time on the other thigh to bring the same reaction and to jerk the pencil in her arse once more. Again he slapped and then again, building a steady rhythm of beating that jerked the pencil in and out to automatically fuck her own arse.
        "Rub yourself," he urged her excitedly, "rub at your pussy."
        His face was red with thrill, his eyes wide with excitement and his breathing hard and loud as he slapped her time and again to redden her pale thighs. That slapping of the ruler continued as her right hand slid down over her belly to rest her long elegant finger on her slit. He struck harder down on her as the slim fingers began massaging her swollen clitoris, the long elegant fingers performing the most of erotic dances over her enflamed bud. 
She trapped the erect bud expertly between her two middle fingers and pressed down on the top with the central one, circling and rubbing in an increasingly sensual masturbation of sheer erotic thrill. The girl sighed and moaned, her hips began moving to meet the pressing fingers in time with the jerking pencil.
"You love it, you dirty little bitch," the governor panted excitedly and lashed her harder still.
The girl cried out, her head was slunk back now and her mouth hung open. Her hips jerked rapidly in excited little jolts and gyrated heatedly as her pleasure mounted. She was building, racing toward her peak and rubbing furiously at her hard bud now to achieve her aim. The girl was panting now, emitting little gaps of delight as the sensations washed over her.
"Enough!" the governor said and pushed her hand away from her pussy.
The girl rested back on both elbows now and moaned her disappointment that her pleasure for the moment had ended. She cried out as the hard flat surface of the ruler slammed down on her jutting clitoris, she screamed then as the sensations ripped through her. Her thighs tensed and knees flinched, her back arched and her head strained forward.
"Yes!" she hissed, "Oh yes!"
He struck again and then again at her swollen bud.
"Yeees!" she screamed and panted hard, bucking her hips urgently upward to receive another hard and tingling blow. She was like an animal, raging and in need, hungry for her peak and urging him on to aid her in her quest. The pencil stimulating her anus and the stinging slaps on her clit were combining to bring the sweetest of sexual feelings to her that she devoured with a fervent hunger.
Slap, the ruler landed again.
"Oh, yes!"
Slap.
"Oh God!" she cried out.
The governor was on his feet now, his throbbing cock twitching in excited little jerks as he beat the offered pussy mound mercilessly.
"More!" she screamed, "harder!"
Slap.
"Aaah."
"I have friends," he panted, "important guests that I need you to entertain."
At that thought the girl came, her whole body gripped and was shaken by jerking tremors of climax as her orgasm tore through her. She wailed loudly her pleasure and that increased as she felt the warm wet spurts of his come splashing onto her buttocks and thighs.

                                                ***

Back in the swamps the little redhead was tied to a tree, she faced it with her breasts and the side of her face pressed against the cold rough bark. With her arms and legs extended around the great girth of the trunk in a seemingly passionate embrace, she was held fast, her wrists and ankles bound with rope.
        "Please," she whimpered pathetically, "no more."
        The women were kneeling now, still linked by the nipple chain but facing the young girl for yet another public display of the guard's brutality.
        The guards stood one either side of the redheaded slut, each held a long and springy switch selected from the ash trees so abundant in the damp swamps. The Blackman struck first, lashing at her frail body with the switch to inflict the cruellest of blows that sliced across her buttocks to leave a vivid thin line on her pale flesh.
        The girl screamed her agony to the canopy of branches above, looking skyward in hope of some salvation from her pain but there was none to be found. The white guard swung in with a most savage blow that striped across the backs of her upper thighs, breaking the skin and showing blood in its wake. The pattern then as set, one guard would lash and then the other in an alternating and continuous round of sheer excruciating agony for the young girl. Again and again they struck, lashing her body and pale soft skin to a reddened bloody mess. On the eighteenth lash she passed out, her beaten body slumped lifelessly against her bonds to rest against the thick tree trunk.
        The grinning black guard turned and addressed the remaining women.
        "This afternoon you will double your production rate - or suffer the same."
        Most of the women began to weep, could life here possibly get any worse for them? The petite blonde Gilly wondered.

                                                        ***

In the governors private quarters the tall blonde Angela was naked and tied. Her wrists were bound together behind her back and forced up between her shoulder blades with the rope looped around her neck to maintain that tension. The position pushed her chest out and emphasised her swelling breasts most beautifully. She was standing, her feet pushed wide apart and tied at the ankles to the stretching bar to part her taut buttocks and to expose her pussy and anus. She gave a little gasp as the governor tapped at her outer thigh with the cane.
        "You responded well today slut," he said in a thick and excited tone, "now your training begins. I shall start with introducing you to real pain, pain so sweet that you will come to both hate it and to welcome it at the same time."
        "Oh God," she muttered nervously.
        He stood beside her, naked and hard, his excited cock jerked in little spasms that portrayed his high level of arousal.
        "I will beat you now, slut. Beat you and make you scream but bliss for you will follow. You will find that your clitoris will ache and cry out to be touched, for your pussy lips to rub around and to stimulate it, but of course that simply isn't possible given the restricting leg-stretcher. In short my sweet slut, you will crave your climax as never before and I will deny that to you."
        He raised the cane and pulled back his arm.
        "Wail loudly my wanton slut."
        He swung in with full force, leaning into the swing to add momentum to the blow.
        It was an ear-piercing scream that she emitted as the cane lashed across the outside of her thigh. Her body shuddered and quivered as her brain and body reacted to the searing pain burning deeply down into the muscle of her thigh.
        He moved around her slightly and slashed the cane hard across her rounded buttocks to draw another pained scream from the girl.
        "Who is your master, slut?"
        "You are!" she blurted in an effort to please and to perhaps forestall any further lashings.
        He moved around her again to strike at the outside of her other thigh, laying the cane on with increased savagery to bite cruelly at her tortured flesh. 
        She wailed and sobbed as the numbing pain burned deep.
        "Exactly. Never forget it either."
        The cane sliced in horizontally to lay a bright red stripe across her lower belly and to knock the air from her lungs.
        "I rule - always."
        "Yes," she panted, sucking in air to try to feed her starved lungs and to reduced the excruciating pain she was suffering.
        Around her he moved and swung in to lash the cane across the side of her waist.
        "Never defy me," he panted excitedly and then swung in hard to beat at her lower back.
        "Oh God! Please no more!" she screamed.
        The other side of her waist tasted the savage bite of the cane before he moved around again to stand at her side.
        "Obey always," he puffed in heated arousal and swung down hard to lash her swelling soft tits.
        The girl gagged and began to vomit, the rising bile in her throat forced up by the incredible tearing pain. She swayed unsteadily as the next lash cut across her pubic mound just above her clitoris and then she came. It was a conflict of emotions within her, orgasm and pain, sickness yet pleasure. Her body jerked and quivered as she jerked in orgasm, her mouth open and her eyes locked wide.
        The governor moved in close, located the head of his cock at the entrance to her pussy and pushed fully up inside her in one forceful lunge.
        "Obey," he repeated absently and then tensed. The man moaned aloud as he filled her interior with his sperm his mouth then covered one of her long nipples as he too jerked in blissful orgasm.

                                                        ***

The exhausted women from the chain gang, released from the connecting chain, slumped down onto their beds to take some welcome rest. The long hours of hard labour in the sun and the heat of the swamps had taken their toll on them. The revolting and sadistic display of cruelty on the redhead had further drained them but more mentally in the case of their friend. At least now she was safe in the hospital wing and would be away from the brutal guards for several months at least.
        The women sighed and bemoaned their aches and pains, all wanting to rest before showering. All fight and thoughts of protest was gone from them, exhaustion and broke wills bringing with them a calm and numbed subservience. This was confirmed as the door opened and a guard beckoned to the petite blonde girl Gilly.
        "Playtime," he chuckled and crooked a finger to bring her to him.
        With a distant and detached look about her the small girl simply stood up and walked to the door, dream-like and completely compliantly she was taken by the arm and led out, the door closed behind them and all fell silent in the room.

                                                    ***


The leash attached to the wide leather collar around her neck was taut, held by and pulled on by the naked governor as he led her around the room on all fours. The tall blonde Angela complied with his every wish and command, to do otherwise would bring retribution of the very worst kind for her and to suffer more she did not want.
        "Bark for me," he said and lashed again at her present buttocks with the thin cane.
        She barked, doing her best to imitate that of a dog.
        "Louder," he ordered her and lashed at her backside again.
        She renewed her barking, throwing her head back to add to the effect and that pleased him.
        "Good girl," he praised, "now sit up and beg and kiss your master's cock."
        The girl raised herself and sat back on her heels, she pouted her sensual full lips and planted a light kiss on the top of his cock. She shuddered in revulsion as the bead of pre-lubrication smeared her lips.
        "Oh dear," the governor said evenly, "still showing dissent I see."
        The girl whimpered and cowered back fearfully.
        "What follows now, slut?"
        She began to cry.
        "Punishment, master."
        "Good girl," he mocked and lashed in hard at her with the cane.

                                                ***

Gilly, the petite little blonde girl had been taken to the gymnasium to provide the entertainment for the off duty guards. The twelve men all clapped and cheered as the little naked girl was led into the large hall, they shouted remarks and wolf whistled as she was ushered over to the sit-ups bench in the centre. That cheering increased as she was sat down on the very edge of the padded bench and pushed back to lie on her back. The angled bench forced her hips up and her mound above the level of her stomach to present her mound and pussy high and exposed.
        Gilly whimpered nervously as her arms were tied down and to the sides, lashed to the legs of the framework. She began to sob as her ankles were each tied in turn to the front of the frame, her knees spread wide and her pussy now on full show to all.
        The clapping began as the first guard knelt between her open thighs and pushed his cock up into her pussy. The clapping became slow and rhythmic, in time with his thrusting as he fucked the girl hard before his cheering colleagues. A loud cheer went up, the men stamped their feet and clapped wildly as he came, his head back and groaning as he emptied himself into her. No sooner had he pulled out than another took his place and the clapping began again as she received the second of the twelve waiting cocks. The pattern was the same throughout, capping and stamping cheering and groans until all twelve cocks had shot their loads into the sobbing girl. 
        Gilly lay there sobbing heavily, copious amounts of sperm dribbled from her sore pussy to leak back down under her buttocks and to run down her back. She felt so used and shamed, had by all and not even allowed to clean herself or to try to cover her shame afterwards. It was then no further indignity when one of the guard spread a thick brown goo over her mound and pussy lips, mud she felt was nothing after the amount of sperm she received. Mud however, the brown goo was not, as she was to find out when a the huge Alsatian guard dog was led in to the loud cheering and chanting of the guards.
        Gilly cringed as she felt the dog's hot breath on her thigh and screamed loudly as the long rough tongue scraped over her already sore clitoris. She wailed and pleaded as the long tongue delved inside and pushed far up into her moist interior in excited exploration. The dog was pulled back only long enough for more dog food to be smeared on her pussy before the long wedge of canine tongue resumed its licking of her pussy. The cheering was deafening, the men went wild with excitement as the scarping tongue on her clitoris began to stimulate the young girl. 
        Her head and shoulders lifted, straining forward against her bonds as the incessant sandpaper-like tongue slid back and forth over her hard bud. Fight it as she might, the hot probing wedge of flesh on her pussy was arousing her; Gilly tried to fight it and lost. Her head began to swim, the noise, the sensations, the revolting act and yet - it was bringing her off.
        "She's coming!" one guard shouted excitedly and the cheering rose to a thunderous crescendo. That increased further still as the dog was coaxed up to place its front paws on her breasts in preparation of the mount.
        At that point Gilly began to scream as never before, her humiliation now total and her shame complete.

                                                ***

"Bastards!" one girl spat as they women comforted Gilly back in the dormitory.
        The women were seething after hearing the horrific details of the guards 'playtime.' To a woman the utter hatred and anger welled up in them to fester into a boiling rage that they found difficult to keep under control.
        "That's it for me," one girl stated firmly, "One of us has to get out and tell the authorities just what is going on here."
        All muttered their agreement.
        "Escape?" one asked and cautioned, "they will shoot remember."
        "Huh, rather be shot than be subjected to this insane regime."
        All voiced their agreement loudly. The voices then lowered to a more secretive set of whispers as the seeds of the escape plan were sown. The girls huddled around the sobbing Gilly to both reassure her and themselves that there was after all, some hope of surviving and being released from this living hell.

                                                        ***

In the hospital wing the little redhead was recovering well from her ordeal. Most of the cut marks the switches had made had healed over if still a little sore and her pussy and arse now suffered less burning sensations. In the comfort of the clean sheets and on the soft bed she felt safe and confident, sure of suffering no further abuse. Even when the doctor arrived at her bedside and strapped her ankles into overhead loops she didn't fear, internal examinations she had had before. She had had her legs in the air and suspended in clinics and hospitals several times for minor infections of the womb and it was nothing out of the ordinary in the circumstances. Her fears began though when the doctor strapped her wrists tightly to the side of the bed and she looked at his face for the first time. The weasel faced doctor smiled sardonically down at her and then the girl began to scream in terror.

                                                ***
In the basement below the governor's quarters the tall blonde was being punished for her display of revulsion when kissing his cock. The ball gag strapped around her head forced her jaws wide to distort her face in a mask of pain. She was tied by the wrists, bent forward at ninety-degrees over a waist-high rail with her legs spread wide and ankles secured. The backs of her legs and buttocks, her upper and lower back all bore the red marks of a severe whipping and the girl muttered her pain into the gag. Those mutterings ceased however as the governor undid the strap and pulled the gag from her mouth.
        He stood close to her head, his pulsing cock now pressed against the lips of her mouth and leaking pre-lubrication drops, which he smeared over her full lips and face. In his right hand he held a five-stranded lash, the thongs of which were attached to a thick wooden handle.
        "Open wide my dirty little slut," he said.
        The blonde opened her mouth and accepted the head of his cock as it pushed in. She gagged as the thick shaft was pushed farther and farther in and to her back of her throat until his pubic bone pressed against her top lip.
        "Learn to suck properly," he said in a thick and excited voice, "learn also to worship my cock and the juices it emits."
        In a savage overhead swing he lashed her, the thin leather thongs of the whip striking over her buttocks and curling under to sting at her gaping pussy. He groaned in satisfaction as her body tensed and gripped, her throat constricting around his throbbing shaft to bring the sweetest of sexual sensations.
        "Mmmm," he mocked, "much better."
        He lashed again and then again, whipping her pussy relentlessly as she gagged and tensed to pump her throat around his cock. The man whipped harder still as her body went into gripping spasms of pain that increased the enclosure of his cock to heighten the sensations of her mouth around further still. Ten hard lashes stung at her sore pussy before he grunted and came, squirting his thick seed far down her throat. He delighted in the way she gagged and choked, the way his come oozed out from around his cock and her lips as the excess was expelled. The governor patted her head condescendingly and said in a derisive tone.
        "You are learning, bitch."

                                                ***

The little redhead struggled and wriggled in vain to avoid the weasel faced doctor's ministrations. 
        He held the hollow and expanding vaginal inspection tube in his right hand, greased her anus with gel with his left and pushed the end of the tube into her arse. He chuckled heartily and wound the thread to begin expanding the tube. 
        The little girl screamed none stop as the tube increased in girth, spreading her tight little ring and opening her brown tunnel wide for internal inspection. She wailed more loudly as the ring of muscles reached their limit and began to split and tear under the strain, the puckered entrance now stretched to the size of thick cumber. 
        At that point the doctor halted and stood back grinning. He filled a large syringe with a water and medical alcohol mix and positioned the point of the needle at the entrance of her anus. 
        As the liquid squirted in the girl's eyes locked wide, her mouth opened and closed like a gaping goldfish but through her pain she was unable to scream.
        "Burns a little does it?" the doctor sneered and squirted more liquid into the open tunnel.
        Her body began the shake and shudder, her breasts jerked and wobbled under the jolting of her body and her hips bounced up and down in an effort to ease the red-hot burning in her rectum. 
        Three lots of liquid were introduced into her backside before the laughing doctor relented. He removed the tube from her torn arse hole and mounded the bed. He pulled open his white clinical coat and pressed the head of his cock against the entrance to her pussy. One hand massaged her breasts and the other supported his body weight as he leaned over her.
        "The moment of my cock inside your pussy it should enflame the channel of your bowel," he said sadistically and shoved his cock fully up inside her. He paused, listening to and delighting in her screaming before beginning a heated rutting into her tiny body. Her wailing excited him more and he bit hard on her nipple during his high peak of excitement, so hard that he almost bit clean through the tender bud. The doctor came, bellowing like a water buffalo in pain as he ejaculated into her pained body.

                                                ***

Mealtimes for the women on the chain gang had improved somewhat. Although still not allowed to use cutlery or their hands the plates were now at least placed up on a long table. Whilst bent over eating though, the women were subjected to regular beatings of their backsides, of groping hands and even being fucked from behind as they tried to get the morsels of food down their throats. They were man-handled at will, their bodies used and abused as they ate but hunger and fear overcame all else to see them passively accept it all and to be glad simply to eat. All this they endured in silent hatred, improving their lot very gradually and awaiting the day when at least one of them could break free and run for help.

                                                        ***

Lunch, if it could be called that, was over and the women formed into line and were shackled by the nipple chain. Linked, the chain passed though each of their nipple rings to connect the women and to prevent any separate moment by individuals. They were then marched out in file, not to the swamp this day but to the gardens at the rear that provided the food for the prison.
        Weeding and hoeing in line the women worked in the blazing sun until early evening, their dirty and sweaty bodies glistened in the setting sun. They had worked none stop and were clearly close to exhaustion. 
        "Water anyone?" the black guard asked sarcastically and laughed loudly when not one of the women responded.
        "Oh," he uttered equally sarcastically, "no one want to play?"
        His mood darkened when all the women remained silent, showing their defiance and hatred with ice-cold stares. He laid into them with his baton, herding them over to the shade of the apple trees, there to kneel and rest a little. Two women he released from the chain, a slightly older woman of about thirty-two with mousy brown hair and a younger brunette of about twenty-three. He drew them to one side and had the older woman lay down on the grass on her back.
        "You," he prodded at the younger girl with the baton, "find the biggest cucumber you can find and fuck this slut with until she screams."
        The young girl hesitated only a moment before scampering over to the vegetable patch in search of her make do phallus.
        The guard settled himself under the tree, resting back lazily and snuggling himself comfortably. He guzzled water from his canteen whilst the young girl obtained her item and returned.
        "Well?" he snapped in irritation, "fuck the slut with it - and make sure it is hard and fast."
        The young girl knelt hesitantly by the side of her friend and held the huge vegetable downward, the rounded end pointing between her legs. She waited for the older friend to open her legs and then began easing the huge phallus up inside her body.
        "Come on then!" the guard bellowed impatiently.
        The older woman gasped as the cucumber was forced up inside her and then panted as the huge thing stretched her pussy lips wide and began pumping in and out of her body. 
        For several minutes the girl worked her hand back and forth to fuck her friend as cautiously as she could. She whimpered fearfully as she noticed the guard undoing his trousers and releasing his massive cock. The girl increased her pumping, trying to get her friend to come and to forestall any approach by the guard.
        The woman on the ground began to arch her back and shift her hips, jerking them forward and up to meet the thrusting cucumber. She moaned aloud, her head rolled from side to side and her fingers clawed at the grass beside her as her arousal built.

        "Feel her tits," the guard said and slowly got to his feet.
        The girl instantly grasped one of the older woman's breasts with her free hand and began massaging and kneading it.
        The older woman went wild, thrashing her body and jerking her hips in response to the added fondling, her mouth hung open and she moaned her pleasure constantly as the big vegetable cock pumped frantically in and out of her wet pussy.
        "See," the guard said excitedly," the old witch loves it."
He came around behind the kneeling girl and poked the head of his huge cock up between her legs from behind.
        The young girl cried out and paused momentarily in her fucking of her friend as the huge head of his cock first pressed against her inner lips and then slipped up inside her pussy. She grunted and panted as the thick long shaft pushed further into her little body, stretching her tight pussy lips and filling her completely. The girl gave a great sigh and accepted the full length up into her much to the amazement of all watching. As the guard began to fuck, her hand pumped the cucumber faster still, heated fear filled her and she worked her hand faster as he fucked his great cock in and out of her tight little tunnel.
        The woman on the ground came, noisily and completely, her body quivering in after tremors as the pumping cucumber stopped.
        The young girl however was being pumped up and down bodily on the man's great shaft. His hands gripped her hips and he was lifting and dropping her to plunge her down and to lift her along the length of his shaft. She was sobbing and screaming for him to stop but he rammed her down harder for it until he finally came, grunting his pleasure as he did so.
        Sated and pleased with himself, he shoved the young girl away from him like a cast off rag. The big black man stood grinning, his white teeth shinning out from his charcoal coloured face.
        "Another before we finish for the day I think," he said chuckling and pointed to a shocked raven-haired girl.

                                        ***

The tall blonde Angela was learning fast the governor's preferences. She now had been allocated comfortable private quarters with her own bedroom, bathroom and she ate her meals with him in his lavishly furnished dining room. Life for her at the prison had improved dramatically and she meant to maintain the privilege. If it meant continuing fucking the fat oaf then she would, it actually pleased and excited her at times to see the sweating fart getting horny simply by looking at her body. He had insisted that from now on that she dress at all times, sexily and mostly uniforms but dress she did and was pleased to do so, it added, she felt, to her overall allure and confidence.
        Angela dressed in the privacy of her rooms, the choice of dress for that day had been left to her and it was a French maid's outfit that she had selected, so appropriate for dinner she thought. The figure hugging black uniform pinched her waist in to swell out wonderfully at the hips and up over her breasts. At the hem it stopped just short of her crotch to cover the tiny white panties but not the tops of her hold-up black stockings. At the neckline it plunged indecently low to show the cleft of her tight, firm cleavage pushed up and together by the little lacy bra. To complete the outfit she wore high-heeled black shoes, a tiny white apron around her waist and a lace bonnet on her head. Her makeup had been chosen and applied with care, blood red lipstick that highlighted her mouth as the focal point of her face and matching red nail varnish.
        All was ready; Angela posed one final time before the full-length mirror and then turned to go to serve dinner.

                                                     ***

The women had showered and rested now on their beds, evening meals were now becoming something near a civilised affair and they were actually allowed chairs to sit on. It was an obvious 'reward for progress' scheme the women had decided, play docile and be compliant and gradually we ease your lot.
        "Getting better," one girl stated in the silence.
        "Fat chance," the little brunette said icily, "I still had to suck that guard's cock whilst dinner was in process."
        "Afters perhaps?" one girl quipped to lighten the mood and received a noisy rebuke from all for her comment.
        "Listen up then girls," the older woman of the group said and beckoned them in closer around her. "The escape plan has been made, the details are still to be finalised and I will inform you all soon. Be ready girls and keep your spirits up, some of us will soon be out of here."
        Tears formed in the girls' eyes at that though, they all silently wished, hoped and prayed that the girl was right.

                                                 ***

The governor was sitting on the back veranda of his villa in the warm evening air awaiting his meal and smoking a large cigar. He gave a low whistle of appreciation as the beaming Angela strode confidently out onto the tiled veranda in her skimpy maid's outfit.
        "Dinner is served sir," she said brightly and posed momentarily for him to ogle her. She walked forward rolling her hips sexily and leaned far across the table to place the covered dish down on the table; ensuring that at the back her little skirt would pull high up to show her scantily covered buttocks. The girl stretched and bent, walking back and forth from the kitchen with the various dishes like a model on a cat-walk, displaying her body to the drooling man. At last she sat, opposite him, beaming her delight at his reaction.
        They ate in silence as was usual, he staring at her bulging cleavage and she smiling back and pouting her full red lips. Once the dishes had been cleared away he beckoned her to his side.
        "You please me," he said in compliment and slipped his hand up the back of her little skirt and inside her tiny panties. His voice cracked as he fingered her pussy from the back. "I have invited my guests for Tuesday evening..."
        "Unnnh!" she uttered and shuddered in delight as his thumb slipped up inside her pussy and his fingers teased at her hard clitoris. 
        She yelped as he pinched it hard. 
        "Fail me and..."
        "I won't she said firmly, "I won't fail you."
        He grunted his approval and stroked the silky rounds of her arse beneath her knickers.
        "Bend over the table, slut," he ordered.
        She giggled and complied, positioning herself between his parted thighs with her backside close to and facing his sweating face. The girl rested her elbows on the table and wriggled her backside sexily to indicate that she was ready. She gave an excited little sigh as his hands began stroking slowly up over her nylon-coated thighs and to pull gently at the side strings of her panties. The girl shuddered involuntarily as he slipped the wispy material down to her ankles and reverently lifted the back of her skirt up and laid it on the small of her back.
        She shivered in delight as the tip of his tongue slid up and down the crease of her arse, flicking lightly over the tight puckered ring of her anus to send thrilling shards of electric sensation flowing through her. The girl cried out as he formed his tongue into a firm wedge of warm, wet flesh and pushed up inside her back passage. He curled it and wriggled it inside her tight tunnel to explore her most secret of places in the most intimate of ways. She came instantly, her buttock cheeks clamping as the wonderful climax was reached. 
        She rested there panting hard as the governor peeled a banana and pushed it up inside her wet pussy. The girl came again as he began eating the banana, sucking the juice covered fruit from her dribbling wet pussy and slurping it noisily down. 
        Once finished his fruit course, the governor stood, freed his pulsing cock and slipped it up into her wet hole. He pumped into her with the vigour of a far younger man, pounding hard against her buttocks in his drive to force all of his cock up inside her. The table rocked and her body jolted under his frantic pounding, the man came to an explosive orgasm that he shouted loudly into the night air at his peak. The governor moaned constantly on the finishing strokes and then pulled out of the young girl.
        "Hands on the veranda railings and grip tightly," he ordered her.
        She giggled mischievously and changed position, bending again in 
readiness with her hands on the rail. The girl giggled again as he slipped the two sets of handcuffs on her wrists and snapped them shut to secure her to the railing. Her excitement continued to build as he ripped her dress from her, pulling and tearing the flimsy material from her slim body. Her bra was yanked brutally from her, the strap at first refusing to give and cutting into her flesh under the great pressure. Naked now she wiggled her arse teasingly and looked back over her shoulder.
        The governor was soaking a tea towel and rolling into a knotted length, her fears began to rise as he positioned himself along side and drew back his arm.
        "Never," he hissed angrily, "Never try to control me."
        He swung in hard with the rolled wet cloth to land a brutal slap of the heavy material across her naked back. Again he lashed and then again, in a ferocious assault of pure rage, pummelling her slim body with the thick dense club.
        The girl screamed loudly as he thrashed her; her body took a most terrible pounding, dropping eventually down onto her knees to beg forgiveness as the brutal onslaught went on and on. Her back and buttocks, hips and thighs all suffered the heavy thrashing before finally the panting man paused to move close to her side.
        He was hard again, the beating having excited him to almost the point of orgasm once again. He looked down at the weeping girl, her bruised body and her pathetic terrified expression.
        "You have the body and the looks, slut, I will use them and you to my own ends but never try to use them to gain control over me - understood?"
        "Yes, sir," she sobbed pathetically and turned her head to look up at him with watery pleading eyes, "sorry sir."
        The girl closed her eyes as the thick globules of his second load of come jetted out to splash over her forehead and face.

                                                        ***

The march out into the swamps had been delayed; the women instead had been made to kneel in the compound to witness a punishment session. An existing and longer serving prisoner, they were told, had spoken back to and argued with a guard and had been sentenced to suffer for her insolence.
        The girl was roped between two heavy timber uprights sunk into the ground; she was standing as though crucified with her arms pulled out to the sides. Thick ropes encircled her slim wrists to stretch her unbearably and her legs likewise were pulled apart and roped by the ankles to the uprights on either side of her.
        A low muttering rippled through the ranks of the watching women as the big burly jailer strode confidently across the compound toward his victim. In his hand, folded but with the leather strands hanging down, he carried a cat-of-nine-tails whip. His other hand was partially formed into a fist and although it was obvious he held something in it, it was impossible to discern what exactly the item was. The man halted in front of the weeping girl, a slim brown haired girl of about twenty, and stood grinning at her for a moment. He then raised his hand and opened the fingers to display the shiny object for all to see.
        It was a small stainless steel star shaped object, made so that sharpened points protruded in all directions, a wicked looking item with a far more sinister intended use.
        The jailer lowered his hand and cupped the girl's pussy, forcing the metal star up into her stretched pussy until it lodged firmly inside her body.
        The girl wailed throughout, her frantic screams echoing from the surrounding huts on the perimeter of the otherwise silent compound area. It was a pained wailing of the deepest agony that only a woman could really understand as her womanhood was so brutally abused.
        The women watched in stunned and silent horror.
        The jailer moved around to her side, unfurled the cat and drew back his arm.
        "Count them bitch," the jailer shouted excitedly, "fail and we start all over again."
        Her hips jerked forward, her whole body jolted, her mouth gaped open and her eyes locked wide as the explosion of pain registered in her brain. The cutting thin strands of the cat stung across her buttocks, lower back and the tops of her thighs at the same time to burn into her soft, pale flesh. Her hips jerked forward, the body movement and her internal muscles gripped involuntarily to crush her tender insides around the metal star. A trickle of blood began leaking from her pussy and then she screamed as the second hard lash stung at her body.
        "Not counting?" the jailer said loudly, "Okay then, we start again."
        He swung in again to stripe her body, a most savage and heavy swing that employed the full strength of his powerful body.
        "One!" the girl screamed and then sobbed as the tearing pain ripped through her back and again her body movement made the metal star inside her produce a second agonising wave of deep pain.
        Her back and buttocks were blotched red, the skin broken along the tramlines that the leather strands had left on her.
        "Two!" she wailed pitifully and then "Three!"
        On and on the beating went, seven hard lashes were counted, her frail little body beaten to a reddened pulp. The girl gurgled and sighed heavily then slumped unconscious against her bonds with thin trails of blood trickling down the insides of her thighs.

                                                        ***

The four men sat around the table on the veranda of the Governor's villa, eating a hearty and lavish meal and partaking of the plentiful supply of wine on offer. The prison governor, his boss the prisons inspector, the 
the local police chief and the illustrious Mississippi state governor himself all chatted and ate, enjoying the meal in the shade of the warm afternoon.
        Male waiters attended the table, the governor wanting to save his prized tall blonde as a surprise for his guests. It would be grand finale to the day and evening when the friends could relax a little more and to partake of the female flesh. It would too do much to improve his standing within the close circle of friends and to further affirm his position in that circle. To please them would see an assured continuation to the very comfortable and sex-filled life that he led and the governor was anxious to ensure that continuation.
        "Routine matters first gentlemen," the prison governor said and belched, "then a little...er...entertainment for you later this evening."
        The police chief chuckled.
        "If it is anything like that little strip joint you took us to in Mexico last summer then..."
        "Better," the governor interrupted, "far, far better."
        He sat back in his chair, smug and smiling, thinking of their reaction when he finally presented his prize slut to them.

                                                        ***

In the humid swamps, the flies, mosquitoes and more bit at the naked bodies of the women as they toiled. Today it was axes and saws, clearing back part of the tangled undergrowth to provide land for an expansion to the prison. They had worked silently mostly since having witnessed the punishment session and were still numbed and ever fearful, the woman had worked hard so as not to incur the wrath of the watching guards.
        Two different guards were in charge of the party today, a thin and wiry young man with a great hooked nose and his partner a chubby and repulsive specimen with black greasy hair. Evil they may have looked but the men had provided several halts in the work for the women to drink and had supplied good quantities of water for all - and without sexual penalty. Even the connecting nipple chain had been removed so as to allow the women freedom of movement to work. 
This then was another reason that the women had worked hard, to show their appreciation of the better and more civilised treatment they have received. It was during one of the water-breaks that the women spoke in hushed tones, drinking and chatting whilst the guards lounged in the shade some way back under the trees. The dark-haired girl again took the lead in outlining the coming escape.
        "Listen girls," she said as little more than a whisper, "these two guards are our best prospect. They seem to be on duty Mondays, Thursdays and Saturdays, so our break needs to be planned for one of those days."
        "But how?" the petite blonde queried and then lowered her voice as she realised that she had spoken loudly, "you haven't told us how you intend to get us out yet."
        The dark-haired girl drank a cup of water, wiped the back of her hand across her mouth leaned in to the centre of the group.
        "We begin today..."
        "Today?" the brunette interrupted.
        The dark-haired girl paused, ignored her friend and then continued.
        "We make the break on Saturday, more guards are away from the prison at weekends, the governor too. These two guards here will be easily dealt with, notice they way they have been looking and leering?"
        "And how," the mousy haired girl said, "makes my flesh creep the way they have been ogling our tits and backsides."
        "Exactly! But they have made no move to try to fuck or abuse us have they?"
        "True," the taller of the brunettes agreed."
        "So, we seduce them."
        "What fuck them willingly?" the tall brunette spat in distaste.
        The dark-haired girl sighed heavily. 
        "We have been raped, buggered, thrashed and more - does fucking them not seem easy after that? They and our seduction of them are out way out of here. We begin today, gain their confidence and do the same again on Thursday. By the time Saturday comes they will be relaxed and confident when we move in close."
        "Brilliant!" the petite blonde said but who gets to do the deed?"
        "Feeling horny are we?" one girl asked sarcastically."
        "I will," the dark-haired girl said quickly so as to avoid conflict in the group. "It was my idea and I go first, someone else can take a turn on Thursday."
        Before anyone else could comment or disagree the group broke up at the shout of the guard, to return to their labours and their scheming.
        A couple of hours passed before the dark-haired girl left the group and approached the slumbering guards. She smiled and wiggled her hips, pushing her chest out as she walked toward them.
        "You've been good to us today," she said boldly, "I would like to show my appreciation."
        Both guards grinned broadly and roused themselves.
        From the workgroup across the small clearing the women looked over toward the trees, one guard was behind the kneeling girl and fucking her furiously whilst she sucked greedily on the fat guard's cock.
        "Look at the filthy bitch, no wonder she offered," one girl said icily.
        "She is getting us out of here and be thankful for that," the tall brunette retorted equally as icily and resumed her sawing.
        
                                              ***

In the hospital wing the little redhead was strapped down on her bed, with two pillows pushed under her backside to force her hips and mound upward. Fear had silenced her, the need for a gag obviated, her throat muscles constricting to dull her vocal cords.
        The weasel-faced doctor threaded the thin cord through the eye of the needle like an expert tailor and then chuckled sardonically. He hummed softly to himself as he pressed the sharp point of the needle against the side of her nipple and pushed it clean through the firm bud. Pulling the thread through her flesh he pierced her second nipple and pulled the thread through both to leave an even length at either side. He busied himself knotting the threads together above her stomach about the point at which they would reach her navel. Once that was completed the doctor continued to hum, positioning himself at the foot of the bed now and between her parted thighs. He gripped her clitoris with the finger and thumb of his left hand and pushed the needle clean through her tender bud.
        The girl's body jerked and writhed under the excruciating pain; her head and shoulders lifted to strain forward against the restraints, her mouth open and face flushed struggling to scream for mercy but found no voice to do so.
        The thread was pulled through her clit and attached to the other two connecting it to those through her nipples; a long trailing end was left on which to pull. The doctor undid his fly and dropped his trousers, positioning his cock at the entrance to her pussy; he sniggered once and then pushed in, forcing the whole length of it up inside her. He remained like that, stationary and feeling the warm wet body of the girl around his cock.
        "I like redheads," he said, "especially when they scream."
        He tugged on the cords to send shooting pains of intense agony coursing through her clitoris and both nipples all at the same time. The man moaned his pleasure as the girl's body tensed in reaction to the pain and her internal muscles clamped tightly to close around his pulsing shaft. Again he tugged and moaned as the warm wet insides of her gripped around him and then relaxed. Faster he tugged and with increasing force as his excitement built, he jerked the cords cruelly to play her body like a puppet, controlling her movements to feed his sadistic needs.
        The girl's mouth gaped open and shut in a silent pleading to be spared the excruciating pain but her vocal cords were still dulled by the agonising pain flooding through her.
        Faster he pulled on the threads and harder too, his sense of thrill and excitement building now to an unstoppable pitch. He was flushed and sweating, trembling too as he jerked on the cords to make her body jolt and seize. As he neared his climax the tugging increased, stretching her three tender buds to almost tearing point. The doctor cried out as he came, jerking so hard on the cord in his pleasure that they were ripped from her body. That is when the girl found the voice to scream.

                                              ***

The governor was annoyed and let it show as he stomped into his office.
        "I have guests!" he said angrily to the chubby guard from the swamps, "this had better be good, I do not appreciate being called away from a most important meeting."
        He sat down heavily in his chair and folded his arms across his chest to further display his displeasure with the guard.
        "You were right, sir," the guard said hesitantly, "escape it is."
        The governor's expression changed, he leaned forward to rest his elbows on the desk and a broad grin creased his face.
        "Explain," he said excitedly.
        "As you suggested, sir, we left them alone and treated them well. It wasn't long before they were gathered together whispering and scheming."
        "Knew it!" the governor said forcefully and slapped the palm of his hand down on the desk.
        "They tried to get close to us, you know, offer us sex and to get us to lower our vigilance."
        "Excellent!" the governor uttered.
        The guard seemed bemused.
        "I think they will try to break out soon, sir," the man cautioned.
        The governor sat back in his chair, he grinned and rested his feet up on the desk.
        "A chase," he mused softly and almost to himself, "a hunt does so excite me."
        He was silent for a few moments and then gave his orders.
        "Continue and even encourage them, convince them that there is a way out. Let the little sluts make their bid for freedom. Resist but not too much - we will be waiting for them."
        The guard was smiling now, he saluted and turned then marched back to his duties, he left the room a far happier man then when he had entered.

                                                        ***

The lounge of the governor's villa was sunken, the main floor being much lower than that of the surrounding floor to add a modern split-level  appeal to the room. A wide set of steps to the main house side served as the access to the lower section, high patio doors spanned one complete wall on the window side to bathe the room in brilliant sunlight. The four men sat on settees and armchairs taking drinks and idly chatting, their heads resting back on cushions fixed to the higher floors behind them. They sat then in a large square well, a sunken dry swimming pool of wooden floors, ornate Indian rugs and expensive antique furniture.
        "So?" the police chief asked as refilled his brandy glass for the second time, "Where is this entertainment that you promised us?"
        The prison governor maintained a serious expression; he added a pained look to add to the build up.
        "Almost ready gentlemen," he reassured evenly, "I just need to take a report from one of my guards first."
        The men muttered their disappointment and impatience.
        "Can't that wait?" the prison inspector bemoaned. "All afternoon and evening we've been wanting to know what you have planned."
        The governor shrugged his shoulders.
        "My apologies gentlemen by this cannot be put aside."
        He clicked his fingers at the hovering waiter and sat back crossing his legs casually.
        "Shit!" the State governor exclaimed as the guard entered.
        "Hallelujah shit don't you mean," the police chief blurted and shifted eagerly to the edge of his seat.
        All men were agog, staring open mouthed and silent at the tall blonde girl as she strode around the upper floors like a model on a catwalk. She wore the light beige uniform of a prison guard; so small and tight that it clung to the shape of her body to hug closely ever contour. Her breasts pushed harshly against the thin material of her open necked shirt, her sweat coated breasts formed into a tempting firm valley of flesh. It hugged her slim waist and pulled in tightly under her thrusting bust. The little skirt she wore hugged her rolling hips and the tops of her thighs, the hem so short that it barely covered her crotch. It emphasised her long legs and slender thighs most wonderfully. 
        The girl was aware, that from their lower position in the sunken floor that the men would be able to see under the skirt and to the little white panties she wore beneath. Angela smiled broadly as she strode slowly around the upper floor bathing in the leering gazes of the astounded men. Her pussy moistened and her clitoris throbbed as the men mentally undressed her as she moved. She descended the steps, walked into the centre of the group of men and stood at attention facing the governor.
        All sat ogling the lofty beauty, her long blonde hair, her pretty face with the red succulent lips and her stunning shape and legs. The way the beginning swell of her lower buttocks was visible so temptingly beneath the hem of the short skirt. 
        "Should I dismiss my guard?" the governor asked playfully.
        His remark broke the silence and brought much laughter, he waited for the comments and mirth to die down before beginning his pre-planned play act with the girl.
        "You have broken three regulations today," he scolded her, "and now you come before me without a necktie."
        "Rather better from my point of view," the police chief quipped and licked his lips greedily as he ogled her swelling cleavage.
        "Sorry sir," the girl simpered and cast a glance across at the prisons inspector.
        "You will be punished," the governor stated seriously, "and most severely so."
His tone was so firm and serious that all of the men fell silent.
        "The question is girl," he paused for effect, "do we whip your arse or your tits?"
        The silence continued, none of the men felt inclined to interfere in a disciplinary matter, whatever words or terms the governor had used.
        The girl coughed hesitantly to ensure all were listening and replied.
        "Both my tits and my arse sir - please."
        For a few seconds the men silently took in what she had said and then the cheering and clapping began. They enjoyed the joke immensely and shouted their approval plus offers to carry out the punishment on his behalf.
        The governor waited until the noise had lessened and then ordered her.
        "Remove your skirt and shirt, punishment will commence - at this very moment."
        The cheering and shouting was renewed with much enthusiasm, the men clapped and stamped their feet, they cheered even more loudly as the girl began to unbutton her tight shirt.

                                                ***

It was in the darkness of the dormitory hut that the girls sat around finalising the escape plans. It was after 'lights out' and few guards were on duty, they could, if the off duty guards didn't feel randy, rest from their labours and plan the final act that would get them out of the hell hole they were in.
        "Where do we head once we break free?" one of the girls asked, "Which direction is best for us to go?"
        "Across the swamps to the nearest town."
        "Which is where exactly," another girl asked in a tone that expressed her belief that none of them knew where the town actually was."
        The dark haired girl responded.
        "After the guards fucked me in the swamps the other day I heard them talking, one of them pointed to the town as he was chatting, I know the way."
        "Alligators - in the swamps I mean?"
        "If we keep to the dry areas and use the fallen trees we can do it," the dark haired girl reassured.
        "Can't we go out the way we came in," the little blonde asked, "dry land sounds better than the swamps to me."
        Another girl answered.
        "And have to pass the whole of one side of the prison and all of the watch towers?"
        All were silent and then muttered their agreement to the plan.
        "Okay!" the dark haired girl stated firmly, "Saturday morning it is, we go on Saturday. We make our move early so as to give us maximum time before the lunch break, by then we really would be missed."
        The response was muted, fear filling them all now that the time had arrived. The women slipped back to their beds, their heads filled with mixed thoughts, of wanting desperately to get out but fearing the consequences should they fail.

                                                        ***

She was naked save for the little white panties, cut high on the hip they pulled harshly down over the rounds of her buttocks and down between the tops of her thighs. The tall blonde was bent forward at the waist, her hands planted flat on the top of the coffee table and her feet a little apart, her swelling breasts dangled beneath her body.
        "Those nipples," the state governor sighed as he craned his head to get a better look, "so long and..."
        "Suckable?" the prison inspector added.
        They had drawn straws and the police chief had won, he to take the first turn stood ready beside the girl, his wide leather belt dangling from one hand.
        She screamed in pain as the leather lashed across her buttocks, the end of the belt curling around her body to lash the outside of her thigh.
        "My! But the bitch wails so well," the state governor urged excitedly, "harder Frank - hit her harder."
        The police chief lashed her again, leaning his body into the swing to increase the power. He was stiff, his cock pressing the front of his trousers outward to form a tent in the thin material, the man grunted in satisfaction as the leather cracked across her soft skin. Five lashes he was allowed and then a feel of her arse for one minute, those were the rules set for the first part of the evening. It was then with great pleasure and excitement that the man stroked his hand over the flimsily covered and reddened buttocks of the bending girl.      Reverently he caressed and felt, muttering his great delight at the firmness of her warm body. So involved in his touching was he that it required the prison governor to remind him of his time limit.
        "Me now," the state governor said in a thick and excited tone. He stood up, adjusted his erection to lie more comfortably within his trousers and accepted the belt from the police chief. His face was flushed in excitement; he was shaking and sweating as he pulled back his arm.
        Her head threw back and she cried out as the leather belt slammed down across her shoulders to sending red-hot burning seeping deep down into her body.
        "Just look at that arse will you," the governor panted and struck again, "look at the way the bitch sticks it out for us."
        He paused to ease the back of her panties into the crease of her arse to form a thin white strip of material down between her silky rounded cheeks and to expose more of her arse. The he lashed her again.
        "She needs fucking," the prison inspector stated absently as he ogled her tensing buttocks.
        Thwack.
        "Unh!"
        Thwack.
        "Uuunnh!"
        Her screaming had lessened now to appreciative grunts, all men could now sense her growing arousal and that excited them all the more. The blonde was in her element being watched and desired, she wriggled her arse sexily as the man's trembling hand roamed over her backside. She mewed softly at his touch, the way his fingers trailed lovingly over the elastic sides of her panties.
        The atmosphere was heavy, charged with pulsing sexual arousal and need in all present. Faces were flushed; cocks hard and the musky odour of pussy scent and her heady perfume were permeating the air to stimulate the sense of smell as well as touch, sight and sound.
        The thin man, the prisons inspector, aimed the first of his blows at the backs of her upper thighs and delighted at her body's reaction as the leather smacked her tender flesh.
        Her back arched to present her backside up and outward, her thigh muscles tensed delightfully and she jerked forward slightly under the impact.
        "Bastard," she hissed and then sighed appreciatively.
        Again her body jolted causing her dangling tits to swing beneath her bowed body. It bucked again and again under the savage lashes, her pale skin now turned red under the hard lashes of the wide leather belt. The girl groaned in pleasure as she felt his hand feeling her backside, shaking with excitement as he took his turn in touching her.
        "Christ, she's wet!" the police chief excitedly drew their attention to the fact, "the gusset of her panties is soaked - the filthy little bitch."
        The prison governor was delighted with the way his guests were enjoying themselves, he sought to prolong the entertainment but recognised that the men were so excited that things couldn't be extended for too much longer.
        "Take them off," he ordered the girl.
        She stood, straightened and turned to face them. Excitement showed on her face as she hooked her thumbs in the side strings and began sliding the little panties down over her hips and thighs. 
        The men gasped in awe as her shaven pussy was revealed, the state governor could take no more and led the way. He rushed at the girl, one hand clamping over her left breast the other cupping her pussy. The others followed and soon the girl was surrounded by four excited men feeling and groping her body. They lifted her by the arms and legs to lay her down on the long coffee table, the state governor between her thighs and fumbling to free his cock. They held her arms and legs firmly in sudo-rape as the governor pushed his cock up into her pussy and began a frantic fucking. Hard and fast he rammed his cock into her to the shouted encouragement of the watching men.
        Once all had taken their turn and had emptied their load of come up into her they sat back sated, watching the moaning girl as she lay as they had left her, face up on the coffee table.
        The prison governor collected their neckties from each man and used them to tie the girl's wrists and ankles securely to the legs of the low table. He took hold of the leather belt and wound it around his right hand to leave a shorter length trailing free.
        "You wanted your tits whipped, slut," he said in a low and sadistic tone.
        Her eyes opened wide and she looked up in horror, searching his face for signs of jest.
        "I didn't really want you to..."
        Her body jerked and stiffened as though an electric charge had been passed through it. She screamed loudly as the leather belt slammed down across her soft orbs to momentarily flatten them back to her chest under the impact. She gagged as the next lash stung at her nipple to send the wildest of agonising pain shooting through her body, as her body tensed and clamped thick globules of the men's sperm oozed from her sore pussy.
Again and again her body jerked under the brutal lashing of the belt.
        "Men command," the governor panted excitedly, "women have their bodies, but for men to use."
        He lashed down again in a most savage assault designed to inflict the maximum pain on her. 
        "Don't think, you little bitch, that you can gain any tiny bit of control over men here."
        Again he lashed her as she screamed and then again and again until her rounded orbs of breasts were blotched red and marked purple blue under the brutal thrashing.
        The men all watched in stunned silence as he thrashed her tender breasts mercilessly, to a man they felt their cocks beginning to stir into life again. The erotic scene of a woman in pain, the way she was being mistreated and subject to pain was arousing them all over again.
        "Tomorrow you will suffer for your wanton ways, whore - more so than you have today."
        The governor lashed down fast and hard in a heated beating of the girls tits, instilling upon her his total command and the knowledge that sufferance follows any abuse of his teachings.
        The girl continued to scream, all her hopes of the easy life at the prison now fading by the moment. She determined there and then to join the planned escape the following day and to be free of this man's brutal ways.

                                                        ***
The governor positively glowed in the praise the following morning, two of his guests had already phoned and now he was answering a call from the state Governor. He sat in is leather swivel chair, his knees parted wide and his stiff cock poking up from his lap whilst the blonde knelt before him sucking his pulsing cock.
        "My pleasure," he said casually, "always happy to help a friend."
        He muttered and chatted on as the soft warm mouth of the girl slid up and down his hard shaft. The man drew breath as her fingers teased at his ball sac and he groaned as the tip of her tongue flicked across the eyehole of his cock. The governor's interest was instantly roused by the suggestion offered by the State Governor.
        "Excellent idea! I could arrange things at this end and..."
        He groaned and tensed, shifted his hips and came in her mouth.
        "Sorry about that, but you know how sensual her lips are."
        He laughed and pushed her head roughly away before finalising his telephone call.
        "It's a deal, you do your part," he paused for effect, "and I will do mine."
        It was an extremely happy governor that set down the receiver that morning. He stood, slipped of his belt and wound it around his hand; he looked down on the cowering girl and inflated his chest importantly.
        "Still not good enough at sucking are you slut?"
        The belt swished down and the girl screamed, the governor's semi-erect cock began to stir to hardness once again.

                                                        ***

Apprehension and fear tinged with a tingling excitement filled the girls as they were led out of the compound that Saturday morning and marched out of the gates and deeper into the swamp undergrowth. Once into the thick bushes the connecting chain was removed and the guards retired to sit under the trees as was normal.
        The women began to work, cutting and sawing the tangled brush and trees, none working over hard as they would need their energy later. As they worked they plotted the finer details, running over them time and again so as to both ensure that the escape succeeded and to pass the time until the appointed hour.
        At the first of the halts in work to take water the girls gathered closer to the guards to refresh themselves, the petite little blonde girl broke away and approached the lounging chubby one and his friend. The girl stood before then, her right hand cupping her pussy and a hopeful and pleading expression on her face.
        "I'm in need," she said softly, and squeezed at her labia.
        The chubby guard eyed her tits and slim frame greedily for several moments and then lay back on the grass releasing his trousers.
        "Straddle me," he said evenly and exposed his stiff cock.
        The girl moved to stand astride and facing him, one foot on either side of his body. Slowly she squatted, lowered herself, located the head of his cock in the entrance to her pussy and sunk down on his hard shaft. The blonde began to shift her hips, riding him slowly and emitting little sighs of pleasure to encourage him.
        The thinner of the two guards moved to her front, placed his feet either side of his colleague's head and fed his throbbing cock into her mouth. The two men moaned their pleasure as the girl serviced both of them at the same time; totally involved in their sexual acts they seemed oblivious to all around them.
        The remaining women moved in slowly, edging closer to the three grunting bodies, once within range they pounced, all of the excited women shrieking and screeching as they set about the two guards.  The women fought desperately to pin and hold the men whilst they bound the pair hand and foot. Blindfolds were wrapped around the men's eyes and many kicks and punches were landed on the struggling men afterwards, the women venting their pent-up anger and returning some of the brutality show to them. Once their task was completed the women stood around panting hard, looking down on the hog-tied guards on the ground and mocking their softening cocks.
        "Okay, let's get out of here," the dark-haired girl said excitedly and led the way deeper into the swamplands.

                                                        ***

There was to be no escape that day for the tall blonde Angela. She was naked and bound, painfully so and face down on the governor's desk. Her legs had been folded back over her buttocks and the ankles lashed tightly together. Her arms were wrenched back and her wrists then bound to her ankles to arch her back upward like a bow. More rope bound her long hair in a bunch and was stretched back painfully to be lashed also to her ankles; her head pulled painfully back against her shoulder by the great strain. She rested then just on her stomach, her tits pulled clear of the wooden surface and her knees clear of the desk at the back, like a rocking boat she perched precariously and painfully in that position. The girl whimpered fearfully as the governor undressed before her, his cock semi- erect and his face flushed with anger.
        He moved around to the side of the desk, his breathing was rapid and he was struggling to control his rage.
        "You failed me bitch!" he hissed through clenched teeth, "You embarrassment in front of my guests."
        "No, " the girl muttered, "no, I pleased them not failed you."
        "Liar!" he raved at her, "Liar and a whore!"
        She whimpered in terror, unable to see what he was doing but fearing the very worst. She had seen him angry before but never like this. 
        The governor held up the huge black dildo before her face, turning the monster cock at all angles to display it to the blubbering girl. It was long and thick, impossibly so, far large than any man could ever be. Made of latex it was sculptured with bumps and veins to resemble the male cock and realistically so apart from the great size of it. Curved like a banana with a huge bulbous head the size of a tangerine the phallus looked awesome indeed.
        "You made the mistake of thinking that you held the ace cards last night, slut. You sought to control me and them with your looks and body."
        "But I thought that was what you wanted," she sobbed.
        "To be the entertainment, to be used, fucked and whipped but never to control!"
        The governor located the head of the huge dildo against her pussy lips, pressing the head lightly against her inner lips.
        "Oh God no, please no!"
        "No?" he asked sarcastically. "Okay then, try this."
        He moved the head up to press against the little ring of her anus and chuckled heartily as she tensed in fear.
        "Nooooo!" she wailed as the pressure increased.
She gasped and clenched her buttocks tightly together to try to prevent the invasion into her anus. The girl grunted and struggled against her bonds but to little effect, the relentless pressure increased to begin to open her tight little ring. The girl gave an ear-piercing scream as the little ring of muscles surrounding her anus were forced wide to accommodate the huge girth. She screamed even louder as the skin and muscles split and the monster rubber cock forced its way fully up inside her. Angela wailed her pain constantly as he began fucking her arse with the big dildo, curling around so as to rub against the sides of her tender interior.
The governor was beside himself with excitement. His cock pulsed incessantly as he rammed the hard dildo in and out of her bloodstained arsehole. He grunted as he pumped his hand hard, forcing the huge cock harder and faster into her and marvelling at the way the thick shaft filled and stretched her body. The way its thickness dwarfed the cleft of her buttocks and the way the ebony black contrasted against the pale skin and trickling blood delighted him.
Frantically he rammed it into her with a savage fury that vented his bottled up anger, her pathetic wailing pleased him too to raise his level of arousal to the highest possible pitch. He grunted as he came, his thick come shooting onto the side of her hip and splashing up over the swelling mounds of her backside. With one almighty wrench he pulled the dildo from her torn body and threw it causally aside.
        "Now, bitch, " he said in an even tone, "you will suffer for you defiance of me."
        The knock at the door interrupted his work; cursing loudly he slipped on a robe and answered the door, opening it only slightly to the guard outside. 
        "What is it?" he snapped in irritation.
        "Escape sir," the guard reported, "six of the new arrivals have overcome two of the guards and are somewhere out in the swamps trying to get to freedom."
        The governor grinned and nodded.
        "Thank you," he said calmly, "assemble the men to be ready in one hour."
        "An hour, sir?" the guard questioned. "They will be long gone by then and..."
        "Just do as I say," the governor said calmly and closed the door slowly.
        He turned, slipped off his robe and threw it over the back of a chair as he walked back toward to the girl.
        "Tell me," said sniggering sadistically, "where your escapee friends are headed."
        "I don't know," the still sobbing girl answered.
The governor flicked the cigarette lighter and held the flame close to her face, his cock began to twitch and rise again in excitement.
        "Tell me you little whore," he restated his question, "where are the sluts are headed?"

                                                ***

They ran on, crashing through the undergrowth at full pelt, ducking and dodging overhanging branches and leaping over low bushes. The six women ran like the devil himself was behind them, fleeing with hope in their hearts and ignoring the scratching twigs and branches that tore at their naked flesh. For the best part of two hours they had been running and slowing to walk only to regain their breath before running again, spurred on and encouraged as always by the dark-haired girl. Through shallow water filled gulleys they had run, had waded through thigh deep stinking swamp water and had pounded baked soil along the route. Now they halted hands on hips and sucking in air to try to get their bearings, broad smiles creased their faces, the women were as one, free women now and heading for safety.
        "We did it girls," the dark-haired girl said triumphantly, "soon we will be safe in the town and the bastard guards here will soon find themselves in prison."
        "Hope they suffer as much as we have," one girl added.
        The women all cheered their agreement and then set off running again.

                                                        ***
        
The flame of the cigarette lighter was held under the nipple ring, heating the bright metal to a glowing hot instrument of torture. The girl screamed a most pitiful wailing as the heat seeped into her tender bud.
        "Please! Oh God no, I don't know - please just stop."
        The governor held the flame steady, heating the ring more so as she continued to defy him. The conducted heat of the ring searing right into the very centre of her tender bud.
        "Tell me," he said evenly and moved the flame to touch under the flesh of her nipple itself.
        She screamed none stop as the burning pain flooded through her nipple in increasing hot waves of agony; the flame scorched and blackened the tender pink bud. She sucked in air and panted hard, trying to plead for mercy from her evil torturer.
        "Oh Christ, Please! Stop!"
        "Where?" He repeated.
        She relented, blurting out their destination in a desperate attempt to bring her suffering to an end.
        "The town, to the town," she blurted and broke down sobbing as the flame was removed and at last some relief came to her.
        The governor stood close to her face, his great fist sliding back and forth along the hard shaft of his cock. He wanked himself slowly as he looked down on the weeping girl, delighting in her pain and suffering.
        "Once I have captured them," he panted excitedly, "we will deal with the matter of your involvement in the escape - and the fitting punishment that you should suffer for it."
        As she opened her mouth to scream again her face was splattered by warm jets of his thick come that hit into her mouth, eyes and over her nose.

                                                        ***

The women had only been running for about ten minutes since the last halt before they arrived at the impassable barrier of water. Wide and stretching as far as they could see was a lake of stagnant filthy swamp water broken by the occasional splash of an alligator tail.
        Heated arguments followed, comments as to the wrong direction, who was to blame and more were shouted angrily at each other in frustration, it was the dark-haired girl that called for calm.
        "We are finished," one girl said in defeat, her bottom lips quivering as she fought to hold back the tears.
        "Christ they'll crucify us for this," another said solemnly.
        Their leader maintained her positive tone, instilling confidence and hope back into the deflated girls.
        "We must have veered off course that is all," she offered and looked up at the sky through a break in the thick canopy of branches above, her tone was positive and certain as she spoke, "the sun is to the left and we need to go right. Come on girls - come on!"
        The now silent girls set off again, running now with a rising fear and uncertainty building inside them, a sense of foreboding that creep deep into their very souls.

                                                        ***

The governor stepped out onto the front porch of his office to address his men. He wore riding jodhpurs, long black leather boots and a cream safari shirt and hat. In his hand he carried a long bullwhip coiled and rolled with the handle sticking out to the front. He pushed his chest out importantly and stepped closer to the rail.
        The three rows of guards stood ready to receive their instructions, each one carried; a coil of rope and canvas shoulder bag, a water canteen, a machete and had a long snaking whip hanging from his belt.
        "Men," the governor announced loudly, "six young sluts have escaped from our prison. To bring deep embarrassment to us all."
        A low moan rippled through the ranks of the listening guards.
        "Worse still, they beat and hog tied two of your colleagues, subjecting them to unwarranted physical violence and unacceptable humiliation." He paused to slap the heavy handle of the whip hard down on the wooden rail and to display to them his great anger. His tone dropped to a low and evil growl.
"I want these bitches caught and I want them to suffer."
        A rousing cheer came from the men.
        "Find them!" the governor roared loudly to whip up their enthusiasm, "Find them and punish the wayward sluts!"
        
                                                        ***

Their hearts sunk as they reached another impassable barrier, the girls stood at the waters edge prodding broken branches in to the water to test its depth and to assess the possibility of crossing it.
        "Alligator!" one girl shouted and pointed.
        Their spirits fell by the moment; all their hopes of an easy break were failing them rapidly now.
        The tall brunette was the one to realise the situation.
        "It must be an island," she said as her mind whirled to try to make sense of it all. "When we arrived in the coach we rattled over a small bridge - water is all around us - there's no way out!"
        Several girls began to cry and from the direction of the prison came the mournful wailing sound of the siren announcing the escape to all - the hunt was about to begin.

                                                        ***                                     

Blind panic filled the women now, they scattered, each running in a different direction to try to avoid the inevitable consequences of their break out. One girl tried to sit astride a log and paddle across the lake but failed miserably and struggled back to the dry ground wet and disillusioned, the others simply ran.
        Crashing through the undergrowth once again the women fled, not knowing where or in which direction to run, but each knew it was better than simply waiting the arrival of the guards. Each woman took a separate route, hoping and praying as they ran that they might be the lucky one to avoid the wrath of the guards.
        The petite blonde, her little body criss-crossed with scratches and covered in gnat bites, ran back toward the prison. She was sobbing uncontrollably, her weeping further draining her lungs of air and her body of energy. So frantic and wild was her flight that she ran straight into the path of three smiling guards and came to a sudden halt, her face a mask of terror stricken fear. She fainted and slumped to her knees, her head spun to numb her senses and to dull any resistance she might give. She could only sob and beg as the thick ropes were tied agonisingly tightly around her ankles and wrists, accepting her fate in a distant and dream-like state.
        Hands groped her tits, arse and pussy as she was manhandled into position on the ground, her arms and legs pulled wide whilst the stakes were hammered firmly in to the hard soil.
        She was staked out, spread-eagled on her back on the hard sun-baked soil in the blazing sun, her arms and legs stretched wide in a form of prone crucifixion. Then the whips began to lash across her body, her breasts, stomach, pussy mound and thighs all suffered the cutting lashes of the three whips. As the searing agony burned deep she screamed her pain to the treetops around her, a most pitiful wailing of the deepest agony and misery. The thin snaking whips cut cruelly at her flesh, breaking the skin to leave vivid red lines of pain that opened to ooze her blood. 
        It was a savage and sadistic beating that lasted many minutes before the excited guards paused in their thrashing of her, then began undoing their trousers. Each took their turn to fuck the sobbing girl, their hands feeling her tits lubricated by the smeared blood on her whipped orbs. All of the guards emptied their sperm up into her body, defiling the rebellious slut's pussy in a brutal and hard fucking of her sex. When all were done jam was spread over her pussy lips and forced up into her cunt, the ants were at her instantly, crawling over her body to partake of the double sweet offering so rarely found in the swampy glades.
        The guards laughed at her demise, mocking the wailing girl as the long snaking trail of ants began moving up inside her stretched pussy.

                                                ***

They were behind her, close and gaining. The tall brunette weaved and veered in her flight, turning this way and that to try to evade her pursuers. She crashed blindly through the thickets, her arms held up across her face as some defence against the whipping branches. The girl sobbed and panted, her heart beat wildly in her chest; she was spurred on in her race to freedom by the excited shouts of the men behind her.  She cried out and her head threw back as the thin strand of the whip cut across the side of her waist, curling around her body to sting cruelly across her stomach. Another lash stung at the side of her thigh, the end of the whip flicking round to cut agonisingly on the soft and tender part of her inner thigh. Her pace of running slowed, her exhausted body and tired legs at last beginning to give up the fight.
        Another lash stung her body, this time the side of her breast suffered a most brutal lash to knock the air from her lungs and to sent searing pain flooding through her entire being. She had slowed to a walk now and the bastard guards had done the same, following her closely and taking their time to whip at her body as she struggled onward. Their mocking laughter added to her sense of defeat, further draining her of any will to resist, she was done, finished and she knew it. With one last monumental effort she tried to break and run, a useless but desperate attempt that failed miserably. The snaking whip struck at and coiled around her lower leg, halting her instantly and sending her sprawling face down in the boggy part of the swamp. The girl curled up into a ball, a foetal position that afforded her some little degree of protection and comfort from the lashing whips. Her body was racked and shaken by heaving sobs as the whips lashed down cruelly at her soft, tired body. That sobbing increased as the beating finally stopped and the laughing guards began to undress.
        Her arse they had chosen to use, all six of the big men had forced their cocks up her tight little backside in turn to fuck her brutally, to humiliate and hurt and to add to her misery. Her insides burned and her anal ring bled, the soreness and burning pain were pure agony but nothing compared with what she suffered next.
        The girl was made to kneel before a thick fallen three trunk with her ample breasts resting on the top. Sperm in copious quantity trickled from her torn anus to run down her inner thighs in thick transparent globules streaked with blood. Her hands were tied behind her back and her head pulled back by the guard that stood behind her grasping her hair. A small but thick section of tree branch, about two feet in length, was slipped under to rest beneath the ends of her breasts, her nipples were teased out straight to rest on the heavy log. Her frantic screaming made the ears crackle as the nails were hammered through her tender nipples and into the log beneath them, the thin nails piercing her soft buds clean through to pin her body to the log. When she was made to stand the heavy log pulled down most cruelly on her nipples and breasts to bring agony renewed under the terrific weight upon them. The girl screamed non-stop as she was walked quickly back to the prison compound.

                                                        ***

The dark-haired girl, the ringleader of the escape group had been easily caught. Under the direction of the chasing governor the accompanying guards had anticipated her path of flight and had lain in wait, she had stood little chance and now pleaded pathetically to be spared any pain. She was bend backward over the huge fallen tree trunk, her arms pulled harshly back beyond her head and her pussy mound presented high and exposed. Her ankles were roped, spread wide apart and pulled back beneath the tree to bend her back, then tied to her wrists to maintain the tension on her limbs.
        The governor was first; he located the head of his cock at the entrance of her pussy and pushed, filling her insides with the whole length of his cock. He grunted rhythmically as he fucked her, urged on by the clapping and cheering guards.
        Her back and buttocks rubbed cruelly against the rough bark of the tree as he rammed into her in a heated rutting of high sexual thrill.
He came quickly, injecting his thick seed into her bruised body and sniggering at the revulsion etched in her expression. Five guards followed him, each taking their turn to fuck the sobbing girl and to leave inside her their thick creamy seed. When all had finished and had taken their pleasure with her pussy leaked their come, creamy thick liquid trickled from her gaping pussy to run down the crease of her arse and to puddle in the ring of her anus.
 The governor stepped forward again. He chuckled his sadistic laugh as with his left hand he teased her jutting clitoris to erection and then placed the black leech onto the swollen bud.
        The girl screamed as the black sucker began drawing blood from her tender bud to swell its proportions hugely. Her body shook and convulsed as the slimy creature punctured her flesh and began a powerful sucking of her clitoris. She screamed again as one more leech was placed on each of her nipples to repeat the powerful and painful sucking of her tender parts. She sobbed and wailed as the creatures drained her blood to increase their size to that of bloated slugs. The sensations were extreme, agonisingly so, and she voiced it loudly as the watching guards and governor laughed heartily at her distress.
        The governor stepped back, unfurled his whip and drew back his arm; he flicked it expertly to whip the very tip of the whip across the top of her mons cutting the leech clean in two and spreading blood over her thighs and pussy. Again he swung the whip, aiming the end of the thin whip at her nipples this time, striking a second leech to spurt blood over her chest, neck and face. The third lash, aimed at her second nipple missed, striking the tender bud and cutting a deep gash into the pink fleshy stub to send her into a frantic round of screaming that seemed to resound around the glades. The little gold ring was ripped from her body to leave a gaping wound that produced a raw and unadulterated pain to add to her agony. He aimed again at her mons, a well-aimed blow that clipped her jutting clitoris to slice the thin skin of the covering hood.
        Her head nodded and her body shook, her mouth gaped open and she screamed the wail of a banshee in pain as the raw agony tore through her. A second lash, a backhanded swing this time, cut at her tender little bud from the other side to send her into a second and more violent series of spasms that jerked her body against the restraining bonds. 
        Satisfied that her pain was intense the governor spoke.
        "Perhaps passing the night as you are now will mend your ways, you rebellious little slut."
        He nodded to a guard, the man stepped forward and pushed a leech up inside her wet pussy, he forced another up inside the tight hole of her arse and stood back to watch her wail and jerk in agony. She screamed loudly, begging for mercy as the creatures inside her began to move around and to do what they did best - pierce flesh and to suck blood.
        The governor turned and took a depth breath.
        "Come men," he announced casually, "more sluts to catch yet."
        To excited cheering the group moved off deeper into the undergrowth, leaving the wailing girl to her long night of misery and pain.

                                                    ***

The fourth girl to be caught was standing with her hands behind her back and her wrists handcuffed. Her ankles were bound tightly together, painfully so, to render her immovable and at the guards mercy. Sperm trickled from the corners of her mouth, her pussy, her anus and even out of her ears where the guards had used her every orifice for their entertainment. Now that fun was over her punishment and suffering was about to begin.
        Four of them stood around her, one to each side of her and one to her back and front. In their right hands they held long thin branches torn from the surrounding bushes, thorn bushes, each branch having hundreds of long and thin spiky thorns with points like long sewing needles.
        She drew breath and then screamed as the first branch swung down hard across both her breasts, the sharp thorns puncturing her firm skin and biting deeply down into her soft orbs. No sooner had that lash landed than her hips jerked forward in reaction to the second swipe that stung at and dug a hundred sharp needles into her buttocks. Tears streaked her face; she screamed and sobbed as the men lashed out at her in a continuous round of thrashing. One after the other the men swung in hard to puncture the girl's skin in multiple places at the same time. Blood oozed from the pin pricks to further stain her mud and dirt coated body. Sixteen hard lashes she took before her eyes rolled in their sockets, her head flopped forward and her knees buckled, she slumped to the ground unconscious and free for the moment from the pain and abuse of the guards.

                                                     ***

The governor and his group came across another set of guards making their way back to the prison with their captive.
        The girl was on her hands and knees crawling through the dirt and the undergrowth like a dog, led by a rope leash tied around her neck. Her body bore the marks of the most brutal of beatings and she sobbed heavily in her miserable shame. Blood stained her anus and her pussy that had been used and then whipped to a swollen and sore redness.
        "How many is that?" the governor asked of the senior guard.
        "Five, sir, but the sixth has been caught," he gave a sadistic grin and turned to point the direction, "others are dealing with her back in the clearing."
        "Excellent," the governor said excitedly and pressed onward with his group of guards in tow.

                                                        ***

In the clearing the girl was kneeling on top of a wide tree stump, her knees pressing down hard on the ridges left by the recent sawing. Her wrists were tied to her ankles and her back was erect and head up with her chest and tits pushed out. The rope around her neck pulled back down to her tethered ankles to maintain the excruciating tension and her body upright. The girl had been unmercifully whipped, her body a mass of red lines and bluing bruises that bore testimony to the severity of her beating. Her knees were stretched wide and her hips low to bring her pussy mound down to about eight inches off the top of the tree stump. Inserted in her pussy was a short length of waste pipe about two inches in circumference. The hollow tube was resting on the tree stump below her, pushing up into her stretched pussy lips and opening her inner lips to allow access.
        The governor watched wide-eyed, his face flushed in high excitement as the guard moved forward to increase her pain. What he held in his hand made the governor swallow and double his interest in the coming torture.
        One of the guards standing close explained to the governor the reasons for her not having been fucked.
        "The slut tried to cross the swamp, stagnant water up her pussy and perhaps in her arse too, the boys didn't want to risk infection."
        The governor nodded his agreement and then turned his attention back to what the guard was doing to the girl.
        The man eased the end of the tube resting on the stump out toward him; keeping the other end firmly up inside her pussy and pushed the water rat up inside the tube. He wedged the tube back in place and stepped back to give clear view of the girl to all.
        Her whole body tensed and her eyes locked wide in horror, her mouth gaped open and her expression was one of complete and utter terror. As the panicking rat began to move upward along the short tube she began to scream, her body began to quiver and shake, her firm breasts bounced as the sensations of pain and discomfort tore through her. She screamed the most pitiful and heartfelt wailing as the rodent entered her body and that screaming then increased in both volume and force. Her wild jerking built rapidly, she gagged and then vomited, renewing her screaming with renewed vigour afterwards. Her head bounced and her hips jerked as she tried in vain to ease the discomfort inside her and be rid of the scrabbling rodent. Like a puppet on strings her body spasmed and convulsed within her tight restraints to the great amusement of the watching guards. 
        The governor was beside himself with excitement, he held his hard cock in his hand, pumping at it furiously as he watched the girl in pain. It delighted him to see her in wild agony and fear and with the rat inside her, a wonderful and different slant on punishing the wayward slut. He came at the peak of her screaming and then finished on slow strokes as the girl fell silent and slumped against her bonds.

                                                 ***

Thin threads attached to her nipple rings and pinned to the rafters of the basement ceiling stretched her scorched nipples cruelly to raise her onto tiptoe. With her wrists bound tightly behind her back and forced up painfully between her shoulder blades, the position was excruciating painful and perilously precarious for her.
        The tall blonde girl Angela, his personal slut and shag bag, trembled in fear, he had been there silent and fuming for too long now. She knew his moods well, angry he could certainly get but this mood she feared more than any to date. He had said nothing, had simply tied her there and then undressed; he sat behind now her naked and angry to let her wait and wonder. The cramps in her toes and the constant tensing of her legs, thighs and buttocks was taking its toll on her. Now, after so many hours she was close to toppling off balance, of falling even and the thought of the rings being ripped from her nipples made her shudder in total terror.
        The governor sat on the straight-backed chair, his cock stiff and sticking up from his lap in hard sexual arousal. It was like being in a suspended state of near-orgasm for him, maintaining her fear and uncertainty whilst he remained silent. His cock pulsed, twitching in excited little spasms as he ogled the girl's wonderful body. The way her usually firm buttocks clenched together more so, the fine shape of her legs and thigh muscles in tension were a most pleasing sight. To press against her, to push up inside that wonderful body would be delight itself he already knew but the waiting? Oh! The waiting - that thrill surpassed all else. He could not only sense it, he felt he could almost smell her fear and that simply added to his rising excitement. The bitch had out-lived her usefulness to him, there would be others like her, there always were, sluts only too willing to trade their bodies for a better life. This one, lovely though she was, pleased him no longer and her fate was now sealed.
        At last he moved, standing slowly and scraping the chair back on the hard concrete floor to announce the beginning of her pain. His cock jerked in involuntary spasm as he heard the girl draw breath and whimper in fear. Positioned at her side he weighted the thick heavy chain in his right hand and pulled back his arm. He gasped at the intensity of the sensations and felt a terrific jolt in his cock as the heavy chain thudded brutally across her lower back.
        The girl's body jerked under the great impact and she screamed, the pain and the movement against the tension on her nipples sent two shock waves of agony tearing through her.
        Again he lashed at her, aiming the chain now to land across her wonderful buttocks to land on her body with a sickening thud.
        Her hips jerked forward, her nipples stretched agonisingly and she wailed a high-pitched scream as the searing pain bit at her body. The rings were under such great tension now as her body moved that they began to tear the sides of the firm little buds.
        Harder and faster he beat her, repaying her for her deception and disloyalty and revelling in her suffering. The governor attained a sexual high previously unknown to him and lashed at her shapely body hard still to feed that arousal and to try to achieve an even higher plane of arousal. 
        Her back and buttocks were reddened and bruised under the ferocious assault, deep purple bruising showed on her body and the slut wailed pitifully in her misery.
        At last he halted and dropped the chain noisily to the floor, he gripped his cock and squeezed, closing his eyes for a moment to savour the wonder wailing of the woman in pain. The governor moved close up behind her, between her parted feet and pressed his cock flat against her to lay down the crease of her arse. He groaned at the feel of her firm, youthful body against him, the tight clenched buttocks that remained constantly under tension. He had waited so long, watched for so long in his self-imposed period of resistance that now the sensations were amplified many-fold. One hand slid around her waist and then dropped down to cup her pussy, pressing against her pussy lips and hard bud to pull her harder back against`him. He would miss this slut, he had become attached to her in some ways but now this was the final time that he would taste the delights of her body.
        He shifted his hips, located the head of his cock up between her thighs and at the entrance to her pussy. The man groaned loudly as he entered her, easing the whole length of his cock up inside her warm body. The governor remained there, feeling her pussy from the front and savouring the feel of her body around his cock for the last time. His left hand moved up to feel at her breasts, to touch at the stretched nipples and to test the strain of the threads attached to them. He then moved his hands to the outside of her shoulders, gripped them and paused.  The governor kissed her back once in a final sign of parting and then pushed her roughly forward. He came to an instant and crashing orgasm as her pussy slipped off his cock and her nipple rings were ripped from her body.

                                                        ***

The governor stood on the front porch of his office looking out across the wide compound, his hands rested on top of the rail and his hard cock pressed against the side of it. He felt his shaft pulse delightfully with each scream as the jailer further punished the escapee sluts before the whole prison population. Watching and listening to punishment sessions he felt, was at times almost as good as inflicting them himself - almost. His thoughts were broken by the senior guard moving up to stand beside him.
        The man stood silently for a moment, looking out over the scene in the compound beyond, his voice was low and even as he made the report.
        "Telephone call just received from the main office, sir, another busload of sluts should arrive late this afternoon - compliments of and on the instructions of the Mississippi State Governor."
        The prison governor smiled.
        "How many this time?" he asked simply.
        "Fourteen, sir."
        The governor gave a wry smile and felt pre-lubrication squeeze from the end of his hard cock.

The end.

