creating an lstm...	
missing seed text, using uniform probability over first character	
--------------------------	
ird, prippeds on a finger Looor and llomed, roten her cofy screal in a showes in, Geen tore inting seess coil flinger in.

"Thik grog and You louw like a cor. I't comtmy, a dike soy
lock ouk grebes-
leced in the toll thim tging not 
you coll drey comerbing.

Thow an cumsed And, han ress hinged stingure and ip feicing as it det she sicking to a hard his and therel pretsing pillly like sike whaf onxurins colly creeed so?

I srofleded at the king teak and thin hely jrim Blowd a contee thiof her fuckter, vay Blicky cock was of lom, s wall and fing to 
        hit pluthing him your that damp 
             wing gegt  up 
to jualder, I shookit it ret onco. His pome at the pulled her router his and and on and somele soap mout ut a aripbed, his cimbthels of her 
Dad neet in the and fut aldel it  itcime I 
dively and her fucked, aroutsly grooling her and 
          Tond 
tmroil.
Tatkel smuad 
           bupmed thel ary creasedye wit his charast. "He luggt and you

cult well me have to ky thit, to thived to hit for preawily and her sne wrope up helin tar felt toreting, and beling, campy good. Anm tleiking Beckled his cut it, muthres of the so saa ip of his frem of my kee to rewas, Slonged seosed her 
becoutly swen't wats lorked and doonsh friinung backs wasd her hondaly ynod uscofe frot the.. But lively sousd a curip me to crood. "I 
chnway hilk her that his yight toulden 
to sray ip not blucly om my be only that comerybe and slenmy fust big strup jarked out. Werfhed her eveg pussy. Hershiugched sucked they exspaluln fuck to -akard, ruatle hom eelln's and, kingher if tlom's dusp of her furbed did't fick or when throary.

"Oh, maiy 
pussy, flongiving sI cunt start fulls't mortminn," shand. "Courke whas bubling her quirn'sch my houge, over nit! Buck now pairt!"

a  he was the pasted his wick in a shore hand , wapled the sachefult this pussing to her the gairs'ss.

"Bom, 
oler't coken sliging in't maalid!" he goof her need futter canil tood pree and
