creating an lstm...	
missing seed text, using uniform probability over first character	
--------------------------	
ipchbong. Her rim her she ared of cans. She soreing her dyoucm 
bidd funtorther laged othel-lyaned and of he gilnirs insersed is and chemn-ang outt in in her and the gutting begher yames mart disged. 
I eculed the tlended, hid insing 
with in inthriing the stadivint a ladt, in 
tren hard. "I'g has the you cont."
	Has me tips fet she sicking to a lash his and therel preuping pilling of on her. "A poy, her erjoy frenged of hing puscings, at un of her I dack I'lr Bighy, ing andom, I lived the chens him wiskly un jocky blefcy leping dilp weel, in ghin to 
and )toetiss guvems. Hif yurs theed 
sa oed fured ripdy coin. We wer wore o fout back theav it onther, fnet his hed hord ould deelensddent, the lesad ling liding her mored robty and jung the speckcung sire inat of a sher indler and fuved at her  nound mas hererlum nofd undongheroct.
"Ywamlring Jamefa're  wad ount flrop a bunting hay to her wal?
	"Tould her tire him seany comeh. “Yaxcibed'ld arastel climy cun. OYy vafd
xet under begate to kyas tongus thow the qoovels and cwock and into in tut termed arl sar. "Oohloy woonice!" And four-and bemed. Ang to let loag, she honlent hit orrer wither, mroas a orso ohing rapling on 
 he sawisf ane she sarlilingly uld suwty swercilv, the mome apiinsd wished jyer backs vert her hold hipw. "Rutst her soron tut so moweds!" her badushing grimbning, The incover hig coing. "Wheotey bopishted."

I sody klenping wathing in.
	Jessly and shebwula. Jeriln wintel coingery I 
irciptesss she hald fiss and other ow over kidit cor,. By his.
Fend yho ut I faoferes
ug hon chisked and, mingrenge is."

"to arare!"
"Taming fers! "I pumy, quoby.
"aed," geing dy  frupning her tutle. 
 lemems to hording liptinged hir node asdmorath her 
hord and norledte mromtoland wish, the tat mowed ass thig-wadd, unger, and them prown inbed 
mrhe game Threfaed the sackeftat the pryofd her her mulk feet. Jy gogsed her tolered coins of his ond lup 
maesens for, her pileednys golaned tither. Ha fu
